Anon and Joe get back into the car with an awkward silence.
">Well he was... different" Anon states to Joe's while starting up the car.
">Yeah he's a strange one, always with the quips, but he's a good guy, he certainly has no problem with Humans..."
Joe keeps his eyes on the road to embarrassed to look at Anon.
">Er look Sorry... about before I didn't mean to snap at you back at the police station it was unprofessional of me "
">It's ok Joe; water under the bridge as they say your just proud of your work, nothing wrong with that" Anon pat's Joe on the shoulder. A small smile breaks out from Joe's maw.
">Now, let's go talk to this friend of Annie's and hope she can shed some light on the situation."

>Joe drives Anon back to the police station and wait for the suspect to be brought in by Joe
Anon spots the receptionist making coffee
">I'd love some coffee if you don't mind"
She blanks anon and goes back to her desk ignoring him like he was a ghost.

">thats ok..." Anon says still being polite.
>Suddenly Joe walks in.
">Well, I got her, she wasn't at school she was at home skiving her parents were at work.

Suddenly she walks in; A slender snow leopard she's wearing tight shiny leather pants with a classic biker jacket,her eye's were blue as the summer sky and had Rebellious blue hair-dye colour to match she had a look on her face like she'd kill you without hesitation, she definitely gave off a frosty vibe.
">Okay Ellie in room 1 please." Joe points to the room,
She storms off into the room slamming the door behind her like a stroppy teen.
>Joe exhales ..."god what's gotten in to her Stacy? Why the sudden chip on her shoulder"
Joe rubs his eyes as he leans on the receptionist desk.
>I know she's usually so timid she must be taking it hard, poor thing", the receptionist replies softly and with sadness in her voice.
>What's her story Joe? You seem surprised" Anon interested in this 180 character change of this apparent angel.
">Not much to tell ya Anon." Joe replies rubbing his forehead "20-years old, last year of studying at the local high-school, a friend of Annie since they were kids, good as gold, now all of a sudden she's got a attitude problem."
Anon thinks about this friend of Annie's and see's Joe looking upset, he tries to comfort the glum looking sheriff.
">Joe people deal with grief in all kinds of ways, just give her some time and I'm sure she'll be the same girl you once knew."
Anon's words seem to have comforted Joe as he nods in agreement.
"> Well...better go inside and talk to her ain't no reason to be standing around here." anon reaches for the door and open intently.