Detective anon having been well rested from the incident last night wakes up to find a message from Joe saying they have a person in custody, apparently he'd been seen with Annie and some other person the night before she died. Anon tells them about what happened last night and has Dr Wojowski ready for anon to arrive. Anon arrives at the sheriff's station; Wojowski is examining Anon's head injury.
"Well... just as I feared" sighs Wojowski putting away his flashlight after shining it in anon's eye's.
"Your ugly... I'm sorry"
Joe gives Wojowski and unamused glare.
"Yes, *thank you* doctor professional as always." says Joe
"Don't worry Anon we'll find those punks sooner or later, how are you feeling partner?. " Joe putting his paw on anon's shoulder for reasurance.
"Well actually I-" 
"He's going to be fine" Wojowski booms out interrupting Anon.
"I noticed you had some minor medical attention, you do that yourself?"
Anon not wanting to get Ellie under suspicion or under false accusation that she was responsible for his head injury and Joe and Wojowski blaming her and not trusting him anymore, Anon fumbeld around his head made a lie.
"Well, a good Samaritan helped me, I didn't catch there name though" Anon's replies.
"Well, now that's out of the way let me bring you up to date" Joe proudly proclaims.
"We; have a suspect, a good one too, multiple sources seen him the night Annie died."
"All right, let's go see what he has to say, we'll catch you later doc" Joe tips his hat at Wojowski and he and Anon head for the interogation room.

When anon and Joe set foot, they are greeted to a sinister looking rat, he's very thin, tall, and wearing a dark blue t shirt with stains and tatterd jeans.

"Special agent Anon, HBI mind if we ask you a couple of questions."
"Go ahead.." the rats voice was croaky and frail.
"We got reports that you were with Annie the night before she died 'that true?"
Anon was taking full charge of the investigation asking all the questions.
"Maybe.."slowly replies the rat.
"Well we have evidence of you exiting a cabin not too far away a bar... along with two other people"
"Can't remember" rat replies.
Anon gives a sharp exhale thought his nostrils in frustration.
"We're not getting anywhere" Whispers Joe into anon's ear
Anon thinks about any information or any clues, Anon is left with no choice to bluff his way through this.
"Ya know, that night must have been scary for Annie"
"..." The rat squints in confusion saying nothing.
"One minute she's having a good time, next; *Snaps Fingers* she's dead, can't imagine if someone saw it, that's something you'd need to tell someone...say; the local authorities. Say, yesterday morning at 9am."
"What are you getting at?" The rat leans into Anon.
"Nothing, you were just drinking at the bar right?, So you'd have no problem with a lineup since there's no way you would lie to me."
The rat gulps with nervesness.
Joe tries to hide a grin and puts his elbow on the table
"You tell us, what happened... and maybe we'll forget about that line up" smugly says Joe.
"O-okay fine I'll talk" the rat blurts out.
"Good. Start talking." Anon hits the recorder on his cassette.
"Okay here goes" Rat takes a deep breath.


"Me and; let's say... a friend went to a bar, you know, the cabin one with the truckers and what not."
"I'm familiar with it" Anon groans thinking about getting jumped.
"Well, when got there we were waiting for someone...and thier friend...we got talking just chilling having a good time, then my friend got out something..."
"What. was. it." Anon intrigued but sternly responds.
"It- it was coke, b-but I didn't have any I swear!, I was just going with the flow, didn't want to kill the Vibe ya'know!; So we go to this abandoned cabin, not too far, must have been as a show home for real estates or something, so we continue the party there and Annie is making out with my buddy right, And then I'm stuck with this quiet biker lookin' bitch I keep trying grab her tits but she keeps squirming away saying I'm gross or some shit and she's not into it. Ha, but that doesn't stop me..."
Anon is breathing more heavily clenching his fists trying to hide his anger as he can guess who this "biker" is.
"So I pin her to the sofa and- and I"
The rat starts laughing to himself struggling to get the words out.
"And I say; your hair looks like the sky...let me put some white clouds on it for ya!."
The rat is laughing hysterically anons fists are clenched as hard as they can under the table, Joe is frowning and disgusted at the rats comment and stands up in protest and slams his paws on the table.
"Dexter Palmer! I'm charging you to begin an accomplice to the murder of Annie black! And attempted sexual assault."
Joe puts grabs Dexter by the arm aggressively to the jail cell down the hall. "We're done for today" Joe anger in his voice exclaims while storming down the hall. Anon heads for the exit when out of all people Stacy calls over anon from the desk.
"Um detective anon..."
"Yeah" anon replied while putting on his coat, surprised how talkative she is compared to when he first met her
"I'm sorry... about what happened to you" Stacy silently under her breath replies.
"And I'm sorry for my behaviour too" Stacy too embarrassed to look at anon
"I was acting like a meanie, I'm not used to seeing Humans and my mind goes to all dark places about what humans are like and I judged your character without actually talking to you, so I hope this makes it up to you; I have a message for you Anon" Stacy leaning into anon's face keeping quiet like a secret.
"That's ok Stacy" Anon making sure Stacy feels better. "I've gotten a lot frosty looks throughout my life and taken a beating, but I can say without a doubt that you and Joe are good people and glad to be working here."  
Anon gives a thumbs up of assurence to Stacy and she stealthy wags her tail with happiness behind the desk
"You said I had a message Stacy?" Asked anon.
"Yeah just a note, it was at the door this morning I didn't see who left it, it read " To Anon: There's something I need to tell you, didn't want to come back to the station-See you at the motel Signed; A bump in the night." that's all it read I'm afraid."
"That's ok Stacy I understand the message, see you tommorow."
Anon heads into the car park and gets into his car and heads for his motel thinking about what this not so mysterious stranger has for him.