Agent anon speeds away into the dark night following the sounds of Ellie's powerful motorbike and he notices she passed a speeding sign and went way over the limit now was his chance to have a one on one with her.

Anon puts on his siren, the small lights of her bike ahead get bigger and bigger until he can this black figure in front of the car.
>"Going somewhere?", Agent smugly asks Ellie closing his car door while getting out and walking slowly to her bike.

Ellie takes off her helmet and rubs her paws thought her hair and swishes her bright blue hair back Anon is mesmerised by her long silky hair, it was the brightest blue Anon had ever seen, kept in perfect condition, perfectly complementing her grey and white fur, almost glowing.
She glares at anon with her narrow eyes, her head still facing forward.
>"You stalking me creep?" Ellie rolls her eyes in disgust.
>"Only when people break the law" anon retorts in a playful manor standing next to her bike, Ellie is still facing forward not looking at Anon.
>"I know you know something Ellie, you think we're not going to find out who's behind this you better hope you were on the right side of the law when this is all over Ellie."
The response was silent, with only the sound of the engine.
"They think you killed your friend you know" Anon is clutching at straws, anything to make her talk.
>Ellie starts drowning anon's voice out with revving until he gets the message.
>"I understand, drive carefully... citizen, sometimes things go bump in the night if your not to careful." Anon walks back to his car hiding any frustration on his face from not getting any answers.
>Anon and Ellie both disappear into the night going separate ways she speeds off and leaves Anon standing there on his own. "there's just something about her I can't put my finger on, she's definitely keeping something from us.Question is:What." Anon pondering as he talks to himself out loud along the quite dark roads in the woods. "Could she really be a killer?, Pffft- no of course not... right?"

With that, Anon gets in his car and speeds away.