After a long and passionate night with Ellie finally sharing their love, all those doubts about her are put to rest, Anon knew deep down she was the innocent sweet girl she was and hoped to be, just caught in the crossfire of the convoluted mess that was this case. Anon feeling refreshed and assured he can solve this case with a clear head travels to the station, but when Anon got there the mood was far from cheery. 

Joe, Stacy and even Wojowski are pacing the floor. Anon asks Joe what's wrong.
"We got a call from Ellie's parents, she didn't come home last night"
"Wait what!" Anon feeling with complete dread and guilt tells Joe where Ellie was last night
"What! Y-you were with Ellie!" A baffled Joe belts out. Stacy and Wojowski look an anon with complete shock at anon.

"Yeah she came to my motel room and we got talking and..." Anon suddenly realising what Ellie told him about the jean clothed owl and the showroom cabin the night annie died.
"An owl!, she said she was with a owl!. He's the guy!."
"An owl?" Wojowski walks over to Anon and Joe ready to give his input on the dilemma
"An owl....the mechanic is owl right?, Just on the outskirts of Redwood?" Wojowski looks for Joe for validation on this claim
"Yeah, tatty looking, always wearing-"
"Jean clothes!" Anon impatiently interrupts
"Yeah that's right, so he's our guy?"
Joe and Wojowski head for their jackets ready to dart out of there.

"I'll call the shop now Joe" Stacy dials the phone as fast as lighting but no answer.
"He must've​ closed shop, he could have left town by now!" Wojowski disgruntled exclaims
"Wait...the cabin! he could be hiding in there!" Anon proudly reminds them
"He must have, he'd be practically admitting guilt, Stacy block all exits out of town me Wojowski and Anon are going to the old cabin" Joe fits his hat on tightly and pulls up his belt with his Magnum in Holster.

Joe takes his own patrol car Wojowski and Anon are in the back seat the rain has come in; it's practically a Strom but Joe, siren blaring with foot on the pedal drives on. Anon is stareing out the backseat window
"God this is all my fault" anon puts his head on the window talking under his breath
"Hey don't talk like that" Wojowski nudges anon's arm as a gesture of making the whole thing care-fee, as If they were back at the bar drinking. "He must have followed her from your motel, it's not like there's a surplus of snow leopard bikers round here, besides she's a tough cookie ya' know" Wojowski gives anon a slight raise in the corner of his mouth trying anything to make anon feel better.

"I really care about her Wojowski, not just in a upholding the law kind of way, I told her I'd keep her safe and, I failed... maybe it was stupid of me to act on my emotions it's caused nothing but trouble can't believe I've behave unprofessionally, If I didn't want to keep her safe I could have told you about the roadside and she'd never have to be in this mess" anon slumps his head between his legs
"Know you listen here anon.." Wojowski grabs anon's chin and points his face directly at his face determination in his eyes.

"I maybe be a bit cynical and a bit too sarcastic at some times and I'll be honest, I mostly use it a self defense mechanism, but if there one thing on tiny blue ball I'm more sure of in this crazy world of Humans and walking animals is love; she is kind, she is careless, she'll make you sing while making another man cry, you can stop a crime you can solve a murder, but what you can't, can't solve,Mr detective; Is love." A cathartic wave of optimism washes over Anon. With his heart and mind at ease they reach there destination.

They gather outside the cabin a motorbike on its side is not too far away-it was Ellie's this is where she went and where the murderer is too. Anon comes up with a plan.
"Ok I'll go in first, the second things turn bad in there you guys come in, understood?" Wojowski and Joe simply nod Thier heads and have thier guns at the ready outside, anon pull's out his gun and kicks the down the door and bursts in "HBI don't move!" What anon see's horrifies him, the murderer; the owl, the person Anon​ had been looking for was standing right in front of him with Ellie as hostage, squirming around her neck tightly locked by his arm. Anon tries to call the situation, Ellie is filled with uncertainty by is glad anon found her, anon feels better knowing it's not the worst he thought but it's still not any better. Ellie stretches her arm out
"A-Anon help me!"
"It's ok Ellie I'm here" 
"So this is the human you went to see, heh, I knew stalking you was a good idea," the owl finally spoke his voice was sharp and ear grating, and talk like the situation at hand was nothing to him.

"So, you're the killer then! The guy who killed the young Annie black, why'd you do it!"
Anon points his gun at the owl, he's unmoving but Ellie is still struggling to stand.
" I didn't want too, put she kept screaming after our little; party she started going crazy, started rambling saying she had regrets, wanted to go the police about talk it out guess how I felt about that" the rain outside hits the window payne hard, Anon looks around and see's bags of cocaine, and a suitcase of money along with a gun by the front door in case anybody came snooping around. Anon scrunches up his face ready for any reason to put him down, but he needs the truth. 
"So, what, you hit her over the head and dumped her body? Why not do the same to Ellie?
"Cause SHE" the owl looks down and squeezes Ellie's neck with his arm reminding anon who's in control.
"Had left; after Dectur made his moves on her, the bitch fled, all came too much for her, she was a buzz killer the whole night, you can tell the party animals and this one isn't"
"WHY THOSE TWO! WHY NOT ANY OTHER SCUMBAG! WHY THEM!" Anon can't hold his anger in anymore.

"Cause there easy prey, we had a good plan; we'd talk to girls in the bars or my station and we'd meet up in promise of trying some cool drugs, like fly's to a web they were; so if you want this little fly to go; you're going to put down your gun, turn around, and leave."
"No chance" a sharp deep voiced reply from anon immediately.
Well I guess you want her to die then the owl squeezing tighter and tighter untill Ellie is gasping for breath anon put her in danger once he can't do it again.

"Okay, Okay, I'm putting it down"
Anon drops the gun on the floor the owl let's put a sinister laugh as anon backs away Ellie screams towards anon pleading with him
"No!, What are doing he'll kill you!" Please Anon don't do this I love you!"
Anon almost at the door his back facing them he turns his head to his shoulder defeated he replies.
"I'm sorry...I just wanna protect you"
Ellie quickly responds.
"And you don't think I wanna do the same for you!, I wouldn't care about myself if you weren't with me!, Don't let you're fear hold you back anon, Everybody needs a little protection sometimes, just look at your head, I was there for you, now you do the same for me"
Ellie's words ring true for anon, when he was wounded from his injuries she was there for him, she even helped him solve the case it was his turn to do something for her, his nerves where gone, he reaches for the gun near the door jumping across the air.

"Joe now!" A startled owl looks at anon and the door deciding where to shoot he pulls out his gun from his back jean pocket and aims at anon, Wojowski and Joe burst down the door, Wojowski and Joe fire two shots, one in the owl's shoulder causing him to let go of ellie, she dives on the floor, the owl's is a clear shot, still stumbling to the floor Joe aims the magnum right at the owls chest and fires, the owl is flown back by the force smashing into the kitchen cabinets behind him and slumping onto the floor...not before firing one last shot.

 Joe and Wojowski clear the room, they check the owl for a pulse, but the response is flat, Joe and Wojowski check on Ellie, her head buried into the floorboards. "It's ok Ellie you safe now" Joe puts his hand on Ellie's back, Wojowski looks over to anon. "Hey are you alright ano-" anon is lying there blood dripping from his white suit shirt, Wojowski quickly gets his phone out to call for an ambulance "shit!, 911, we have a officer down!" Ellie and Joe look up at the non moving anon on the bullet ridden floor. Ellie charges to anon and lays besides him crying, Joe runs out the cabin to get aid from the local bar. "NO, NO, ANON DONT YOU DARE DO THIS TO ME!" Ellie sobbing into her sleeve holding anon's hand "I'll protect you anon, you did it, you stopped the bad guy it's all over" Ellie slowly running her paws through anon's hair her face rubbing against his.

"You know..; When I saw you lying there on the floor that night, I got filled with the same dread when I heard Annie died, I thought In my own way, helping you would be an act of kindness on her behalf, she was always so kind, so brave, so funny, she just got a little too over her head, And when you opened you eyes and I saw the same type of qualities in you, and we looked into each other's eyes, I felt something I couldn't just forget, I wanted more, but I was too afraid, but in the end, it was you who made your feelings clear, and we finally showed each other how we feel. Guess I'm not cut out for this "tough biker chic" huh?" Ellie gives anon a long final kiss, Joe arrives with some aid and the ambulance arrives, Joe, Wojowski and Ellie see Anon disappear into the back of an ambulance truck. All they can do now is hope for the best.

The next morning arrives Joe and Wojowski and Stacy are gathered by the front exit of the sheriff station. Ellie pulls up on her motorbike, 
"So how is he" Ellie swishes her hair and shuts of her roaring engine waiting to hear the news, 
"Well, why don't you ask him yourself". Wojowski gestures with his arm to the front entrance of the sheriff station to Anon wearing a red and black plaid shirt with a "redwood pines sheriff department badge" on his chest with bandages visible through his shoulder, he smiles at Ellie and so does Everybody else, with joy Ellie bursts into tears of joy and runs over to Anon, hugging him tightly and swigging from his neck.
"Ow, hey, easy, I'm still mending here" Ellie wipes away her tears, smiling and purring with joy.
"Wait, what about you're job?" Ellie now realising Anon's attire.

"I changed departments, I'm still in law but more...local, right boss" Anon winks at Joe trying to hide his single tear not showing his soft side.
"Yeah yeah, see you next week, but don't think I'm going to go easy on you" Joe pulling his hat over his eyes smiling of embarrassment.
"What about the case" 
"It's closed" Wojowski cheers "Dectur confessed to drugs possession and an accessory to murder, and that evil owl is ten foot under. Oh and anon"
"Yeah" Ellie snuggles her way under anons good arm looking up to him with pride and glee, holding on to him for dear life.

"An agent David Finch called to say congrats on the new job I hope it makes you proud, I'm glad you like you're belly, what ever that means".
Anon chuckels in front of a confused group
" Well you don't have to start work till next week so you're free" Stacy wagging her tail at the obvious  implication of that statement.
"Yeah we'll see you kids around, come on you two" Joe Wojowski and Stacy smiling to themselves walk inside. With only Anon Ellie and the morning sun breaking through the pine trees.

"So..what shall we do" Ellie flirtatiously Whispers as she gently runs her claws down anon's chest.
"I was thinking of going for a ride on the country with my new girlfriend" anon passionately kisses Ellie on her lips.
Ellie squees with excitement, she hops on her bike and starts up her engine and Anon jumps on too her bright blue hair covering his eyes and he holds on tight. Ellie revs her bike, and turns her head around "so~ where to.." Ellie smugly smiles at Anon with a wink.
"Let's, just see where the road takes us". Replies Anon 
"I like the sound of that...*us*" Ellie smiles to herself and they speed away.

not to escape anymore or in fear but to explore life beyond the pines,to kindle their new found love,and protect each other through thick and thin, the roads are quiet and empty, the trees are standing tall, Anon's new love driving at the helm going where ever the road takes them. Anon will never forget this quiet town, the small town; of Redwood Pines

The end