Agent anon heads to a bar he saw a sign for a few miles back, anon pulls up to this cabin themed bar it's loud and full of smoke with 80's guitar rock on the Jukebox filled with unsavoury customers. Anon finds a booth to himself when anon spots Wojowski sitting at the bar stool, Anon beckons him over to this booth and he sits down.
">Hey you doing up this hour? You mother was an owl or something"
>Anon chuckles and takes a swig of his beer.
">Nope, just relaxing, we haven't got anywhere with the case so I needed a little me time to mull things over."
">You interview that biker chick friend of her's" Wojowski slurs as he points Anon's chest with his beer bottle.
">Yeah, but she didn't talk just sat there she wasn't talking for anything." anon says disappointed
">Looks like the cat got the cats tounge!" Wojowski laughs hysterically at his own joke.
">You know... she wasn't always like this." Wojowski stares at the back of anon's seat a thoughtful look on his face.
">Her and Annie was inseparable, I still can't believe she's gone, god knows what Ellie is going through, they were the only two human and anthro friends in this whole town, got bullied alot for it, but as long as they we're together they didn't care what the world thought."
Wojowski had a sad look on his face.

Suddenly a bunch of trucker's come walking in and see Anon.
">Hey! Who's the new guy!, Go back to where you came from smoothie!."
The bar chatter falls dead silent with only the sound of the Jukebox mellow guitar playing.
">It's a free county!" Wojowski replies to the truckers not looking at them.
The truckers come slowly to the booth the sound of Thier boots getting louder and louder on the wooden floor.
">This is my bar. It's OUR bar. So you better leave!
Unless you wanna end up like that dead bitch they found". the truckers sinister laugh sends chills down Anon's spine, but soon, anon is filled with rage.
">That's what you get, you humans try n' go out of your comfort zone."
Anon stands up on the verge of using fists, Wojowski holds onto anon's arm and pulls it back down to the table.
">Let's just call it a night."
The truckers let you out of the booth and you both go outside.
Wojowski gets in his car,
"Now you're sure you're alright to drive?". Anon gives him a nod of assurance that he'd be okay.
Wojowski nods and respects his decision and drives away
Suddenly two of the truckers come outside.
"> Hey! I thought you were Fucking off!"
They stumble drunkenly but full of rage waiting for the slitest excuse to brawl.
>Anon turns around swiftly, fist's clench tight ready to brawl.
Suddenly, a pipe comes out of the darkness and hits agent Anon on the head, the truckers friend manically chuckles to eachother and high five each other and both leave him fallen to the floor.
Anon still doozy, not wanting to stick around, gets in his car and drives away from the bar and heads back to the motel.