Anon and Joe go inside and see Ellie crossed legged,arms folded staring around the room with an inpatient look on her face, Joe and anon sit opposite of her ready with the questions Anon just watches.

">Hello Ellie...I'm sheriff Joe barber and this is Special agent Anon from the HBI were going to ask you some questions is that ok?."
Ellie is silent and unresponsive as she just glares at Joe.
">Well, Ellie you were friends with Annie Black is that correct?"
"..." Ellie says nothing. Her face snarls and a look of contempt washed over her face.
>Can you tell us what you were doing the night Annie Black died?"
"..."
"Come on Ellie, let us help you..."
>Joe is trying to be a friendly and nice to Ellie as possible but Anon seeing this disrespectful attitude isn't so molly-coddle towards her.
">Okay Ellie, why don't we see if you want to stay in the cell for the night hmm? You think then you might remember something then."
Ellie give a long pause
>"I was at home. Ask my parents." Ellie finally replied.
>Finally thought agent Anon but making sure it didn't show on his face.
">Did Annie have any enemies? Any ex-lovers." Joe sternly asks.
">No. She is...was a high schooler, never left the town, same for me too, Look I haven't done anything you can't hold me, and even if I did know something why would I tell you? Will it bring my friend back? Pfft, you're wasting your time.
>Agent Anon and Joe look at eachother and sigh in defeated.
">Okay you can go"
Ellie storms out the room letting out frustrated sighs
>"She knows something but what?." Anon talks to himself under his breath.
>"Well I'm beat, will call it a day Anon". Joe stands up from his chair stretching his arms out and yawning.
>"I'm going to see where she goes, I doubt it's back home for milk and cookies."
"You sure about this Anon? You don't know the roads that well and what if she has a weapon you could be killed!" Joe hinted as he puts on his winter coat and hat.
Anon smiles at the thought that Joe was thinking about his safety.
"Joe, I am glad your thinking about my safety but I'm quite all right, one girl on a motorcycle isn't enough to deter me from finding the truth."

Anon and Joe head for the exit of the sheriff department
">I'll call you tommorow Anon" Joe tiredly mumbles while getting into his car.
>"Ok Joe, good night"
Suddenly, Anon see's Ellie getting on her motorbike closing her helmet visor and speeding off into the night.
>Anon heads into his car and heads in her direction hoping to chase her down and find some answers to this case and this mysterious girl.