6607  A christmas CYOA
1383  A dragon, a paladin and a bard walk into a bar. They're all the same person.
655  A lowly Kig-Yar on a lowly Covenant merchant ship gets tangled up in her shipmistress's heretical scheme for money and influence. In the midst of this, she hatches a daring plan to get what she had missed out on her entire life - intimacy.  Recommended Reading: Halo - The Cole Protocol (the official book).
570  A man discovers a very strange Nintendo 64 cartridge. Request fill for Anonymous.
898  Alwin Voss has led a troubled life. A mason by trade, at least until he was accused, jailed, and later exiled into the wilderness thanks to forces outside his control. Naturally, things soured from there, with him being corralled into a cave by local wildlife, only to be saved by someone far larger and far, far more dangerous.  Do the patrons' tales speak true of her kind, or will Alwin's newest jailer prove to be something else entirely?
399  An /HMOFA/ or possible /ADHG/ story, it was the swampy bayou’s of Louisiana where a young serafine savoy met you, and since then you were stuck at the hip.  From spending your childhood exploring the mire near your shared home, to teenage years of the streets of New Orleans.  But things changed in the adulthood, sure, grifting and petty crime was no stranger to you, but this was something else, but no matter what happened, you always stood together under the same mantra “No matter what happens, I will stay by your side.”
7967  An older work of mine that I never finished. May come back to it some day. The original intro: "It's a big galaxy out there. Some one-hundred million light-years across, home to trillions upon trillions of sentients. You're one of them, a lonely human. Humans aren't good for much out there. They're not good fighters, too small and weak. Not good leaders, not clever or smart enough. They don't even have the advantage of numbers once Earth died. No, humans were good at two things. Flying and lying. Humans had a certain mixture of traits that made them more likely to be exceptional pilots: smaller bodies to withstand the G-force, an advanced sense of spatial awareness, and an odd human invention they'd mastered over anyone else, the joystick. The deceit however, was just human nature."
847  Based off this picture: https://static1.e621.net/data/35/8a/358a46c3cc3a52e04a18e5125795a8d6.png
713  This was a commissioned story courtesy of "Dr. Allegedly." In a world where anthros and humans co-exist (for the most part), what's a guy to do when anthros, including his best friend, overshadow him in a good chunk of sports? Specialize, adapt, evolve, and overcome, of course. What are humans the best at? What can we do that so many other animals can't? Besides boiling water really, really well, I mean. This is the start of a long and winding road straight to the Olympics (and the altar) for two young couples. The first chapter focuses on the budding relationship between "Anon Y. Mous" and "Naomi." Features second-person perspective narrative exposition.
64  “Alright, I’ve got the reservation booked, I’ll text her to meet up by the corner store.” You’d been dating her for a month or two at this point. Your girlfriend had usually led you around by the nose, but today, you decided you were going to step up your relationship and take her out somewhere a little more romantic.
518 "Broken Sanctuary" follows the saga of Venka, a huntress from the Hollow Reed Tribe, as she races to reunite with her people who flee a merciless, genocidal force. Along the way, she encounters an improbable ally--the lone survivor of a lost, advanced civilization. Venka grapples with her growing feelings for him and the cultural divide between their two peoples. As they traverse treacherous lands and brave dangers both natural and mystical, Venka must confront her deepest desires, the weight of tribal expectations, and the raw power of her own instincts. Exploring themes of survival, cultural collision, forbidden love, and the delicate balance between duty and personal happiness in a world where primitive societies endure the remnants of the Sky People.
9561 "Terminally geeky" Joel Silver has almost everything. Friends. Hobbies. A 486 with 16 megs of RAM. But now he's falling for a classmate, and there's just one problem: see, she's a dog...
2221 (1)Anon isn't deterred by bad first impressions when it comes to dating, or even bad second impressions. But when he gives a disinterested German shepherd a chance, he's glad he kept an open mind.(2)Now that Anon and Winny are a happy couple, they get to do all the things couples like to do. Going to the movies is pretty standard, but the German shepherd is never quite happy with "standard".
1114 (You), Anon, are in for a boring day of doing nothing at the electronics repair shop. Your boss is out for the day, and very few people ever come into the store. But then the phone just happens to ring... Part of a trade with my friend Comi! Characters are his. The artwork is mine.
1158 (You), a lucky archaeology student, make a very interesting discovery on a dig in Egypt.  You might just have a primary source for your papers now...
1193 (You), archaeology student turned globetrotting adventurer, make another interesting discovery on your first dig with Anput, right off the Indus River.  You really need to invest in 'collapsing ancient infrastructure' insurance...
722 A 'species shock' greentext inspired by the fact that IRL wolves lick the inside of each others mouths as a greeting.
4469 A Belgian Operator get's isekaied into an anthro fantasy world. He meets and falls in love with a wolf, and planned on marrying her. To Anon's misfortune, though, she unknowingly tried dark magic one day and got possessed and ran off. Now Anon is on a mission to find his fiance and save her from the dark magic that controls her.
9403 A D-Class person manages to escape, but encounters what's likely to be the worst possible thing.
7200 A Guest user finds himself logged in to an "interaction simulator" designed to help interspecies relations. But... he never signed up for the beta test...
8166 A Human is hunted in his dreams by a wolf demon who needs his light to escape her abyssal Prison.
967 A Hypno and her trainer camp out in the woods alone together. I wonder what will happen..?
109 A Lizard girl sneaks into a campsite to taste some delicious snacks, but things go wrong for her. Made for the /hmofa/ bi-weekly story prompt 3
8279 A Not so serious tale of an anon being abducted I didn't really take time to proof read this story so if there are typos sorry. Just lemme know and I'll fix em. Literally a short story turned long enjoy.
3425 A beaver is wishing you a happy Canada day, after you just moved there. Get your hockey stick and feast on some maple syrup.
2714 A boy from a prudish village stumbles upon a caravan of anthro goats, or goat "devils" according to his elders, and one of them teaches him how to live deliciously.
201 A boy with a passion for discovery and adventure and a young and curious Zangoose decide that they would be the ones to unearth all that Falamor had to offer. After all, a region only loosely explored is sure to house many curiosities.
7007 A brand new series about a man and the Nordic wolf of the Apocalypse. Can he warm up her cold, slightly murderous heart? Find out in Blade of Gold, Fangs of Cold.
2071 A casual gathering of all the lovely ladies from my pastes in one very self-indulgent bit of wankery. If you can identify them all (excluding the one who has yet to have her own story), then thank you immensely for reading my material.
6149 A changing perspectives Isekei where a Stuck-up Ewe and a Laid-back Man have to work together.
9236 A cheetah speedster is sent to apprehend a potential new supervillain after a horrific loss. But just who is this supervillain, and what are his motivations?
4064 A chemical war broke out and Anon is a lone wanderer in a waste-land, he decides to investigate the company's building who made the chemicals and finds someone else interested as well and finds something that could change everything.
4015 A childhood friend of Anon is blue that he's moving away and never had the chance to say there feelings, but will this break the silence?.
7915 A collection of short stories based on prompts. Loosely about a dragoness Vaarsilla, part of a diplomatic delegation in a foreign kingdom far from her home, and the friend she's made, Baron Conrad Parhook. This shares the same setting as Wedding the Dragon, but does not directly feature any of the characters.
4189 A coming-of-age story about a man living in a world with anthropomorphic animals.
7366 A cow joins the harem! This little series is nearing its end. Just one more chapter, but will there be any surprises at the wedding?
1086 A depressive young man trying his best not to wallow in negativity despite his partial disabilities and other struggles stumbles across a quirky media franchise that brings back memories of his childhood. Yet when the 'Angel Hare' fandom turns out to be more than he ever bargained for, can he deal with his true feelings? Can the cute cartoon behind the screen too?
7093 A disturbed veteran of a fallen empire returns to his war-torn planet and finds his home in shambles. After reuniting with an old friend, the duo carry on as best they can in the wasteland their home has been turned into.
7151 A dream-eating monster's quest to create the perfect nightmare doesn't quite go as anticipated...
972 A dreary and aimless walk in a desolate mall turns into a chance encounter with a geeky serpent with a penchant for tabletop gaming
4719 A drifting construction worker puts down the beer and picks up a discarded bag, catapulting him into murky events and murder.
820 A dying man and his wife share a last, quiet, intimate moment.
2487 A female K9 highway patrol officer goes into heat during her shift. Just as she's about to go lose it, a man she stops for speeding provides some much-needed relief
8766 A final part to the little journey of a thunder fearing lynx and an old friend. Took a while to write, but its been a good learning experience for sure, especially for learning proper prose. Many thanks to IDWT for his massive aid in editing, and a particular thanks to ComfyCreations, both for the great editing eye and the wonderful art I've gotten of the character. Wouldn't have finished this without him.
1433 A foul-mouthed kangaroo enforcer from the streets of Melbourne is sent to recover a shipment of heroin by the criminal enterprise she works for. When everything goes wrong, she realizes she'll have to contend with forces far larger than she imagined, if she's to have any hope of saving her best friend and getting paid.
192 A freelance peacekeeper meets a pokemon he believed was lost to time.
6888 A frustrated young man runs away from his home town to make a name for himself. All the while his childhood sweetheart waits for him to come home, and when he does, she has a plan to make him stay.
7223 A green text posted on April first.
1178 A hapless hiker is saved by an Anthro -- quite an unsual one.
1014 A hermit by the name of Reynauld has it pretty good, as far as hermits go. He has befriended the local Ravens, has a solid roof over his head, and hasn't seen a fellow human in many years. Unfortunately, he isn't the only person in need of a nice isolated cabin. When a slithering witch knocks on his front door, what is he to do?
579 A hero from the west wakes up 200 years in the future to find that the world has changed and that she is now a machine. With the aid of the people she meets, she aims to find a place in the world and do what's right Set in a world ran by warring interstellar factions, Reborn in Iron is set in an echo of a past world, populated by the Karhat (a varied species of anthropomorphic animals) and the human Trueborn (A perfect replica species of the precursors, able to use their technology)
4509 A heroin addict checks into a methadone clinic for rehab, and meets the girl of his dreams.
551 A human father and his avian wife take their two chicks to the park to learn how to fly.
4252 A human finds himself in an anthro world by accident. Basically, a nice canine lady lives in a world where humans are creatures of myth (like Bigfoot), and shortly after meeting one, they both discover they are in a different (but very similar) world where humans are a small minority among anthros
8792 A human living by themselves on a farm in the wilderness meets a visitor soon after the fall of Advent.
546 A human mage and his birdfolk companion explore an underground ruin in search of treasure, but find trouble instead.
1819 A human male named Tucker finally accepts the offer of his best friend's girlfriend to hook him up with the shy nerdy fox girl she's friends with. With high school almost over, and neither of them having ever kissed the opposite sex, years of unreleased sexual frustration, hormones, and of course, spring fever, take the reins of their whirlwind relationship
3383 A human man goes on a hunting trip, only to have it interrupted by a visit by his estranged lover, a whitetail doe anthro. Tensions run high as a blizzard leaves the pair trapped in his house for the weekend. As they reconnect, however, they confront the demons that doomed their relationship, help each other heal, and regain the faith and hope that their love is something worth fighting for.
4765 A human named Jeffery attempts to help a ghost dog that was murdered years ago.
1223 A human runs a small convenience store in the slums of Mutant Town. One day, he has enough of being pushed around by petty criminals and decides to make a stand. After a run in with a mysterious fox, he begins to discover that life in New York can be even more bizarre than he ever imagined. Wrapped up in increasingly dangerous events, he finds his old comfortable life slipping further away from him at every turn.
1388 A local bard performs at a wine tasting party in Baldur's Gate, and a particular guest happens to catch his eye while he's there;Just gonna throw it out there now: This is not a rape/noncon fic. I'm putting this in the notes so that people don't get scared off too easily, and because the tone may be a bit... Misleading in places.
1398 A local man finds himself dying of boredom, with nothing to do on Halloween night. As a result, he decides to go out looking for trouble. He did not expect trouble to find him first.
8034 A lone human on a diplomatic mission meets a lombax, a critically endangered alien species.
1359 A lone mercenary tries desperately to find salvation , and wants to cut away his mysterious past. But to get there, he accepts a job that will lead him to a string of events he could never have foreseen. With the war against the occupation forces shifting gears, he is now stuck between Resistance forces, ADVENT and XCOM. A hunt for him and his newest client has begun.
281 A lone security guard, a world-class thief, and an underfunded, understaffed museum. See where this is going? This story balances humor and sex. Bust a gut while you bust a nut.
100 A lonely and disheartened human struggling with his place in a small town, unexpectedly crosses paths with a curious snow leopardess. Despite his reservations and prejudices, she takes an interest in him while leaving him uncertain, yet intrigued by the unexpected connection forming between them.
3180 A lonely chemical worker buys himself an electric housemaid; Shes not quite what you were looking for, but you do your best together. We're all rooting for you, make the most of the time you have.
541 A lonely macaw goes to Somewhere Cafe and meets a waiter who captures her interest.
536 A mage helps his gnoll barbarian comrade prepare for a fancy party.
7852 A man and a raptor meet each other. How will things shake out between them?
556 A man and his nerdy chicken girlfriend go to see a summer blockbuster. Despite her numerous critiques, the film leaves her with some ideas for private fun
7859 A man finds a tribal raptor plucked of all her feathers and takes her back to safety.
3981 A man finds something special as he visits the old arcade one last time.
8648 A man gets blown up and winds up in some kind of paradise
138 A man gets his sea-legs. Probably
2323 A man gets stranded on the highway until someone comes to his rescue.
811 A man makes a quick run to the grocery store in a bad part of town. There he meets a skunk girl who takes a quick liking to him.
2833 A man makes love to a 53 year old cougar. Inspired by http://s2.desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1482/09/1482090330330.jpg.
4494 A man who is deathly afraid of spiders goes to see a psychiatrist who specializes in his phobia, and get more than he bargained for
237 A man's car breaks down in the middle of nowhere. Thankfully someone was around to help him out.
6760 A man's wolfy wife experiences a mid life crisis and doesn't think she can be the fearsome wolfess she once was. He tries to prove her wrong.
8090 A mans Pokemon has evolved into a new form that happens to be an anthro. how does one react to their best friend suddenly becoming sexy?
1725 A marriage between two nobles brings their uncaring subordinates into a pantheon-spanning will-they-won't-they as their respective job's patrons try to ensure their most single followers find love.
8750 A much larger and longer story I made, clocking at about 58k words total and having taken me a good long while to make, featuring a man who needed a break from the daily ennui, an opportunity to find a breath of fresh air, and a like minded tribal, wishing to find something out there worth doing. Hopefully you will enjoy it, currently what i believe to be my best work.
8761 A much more refined continuation to https://www.sofurry.com/view/1662335, being my second story ever written. Featuring a silvery lynx and a male human, the latter trying to be there for a moment of weakness and finding out something himself, with some mild lewd. Hopefully it's an enjoyable read.
3798 A nervous human space geek makes an unlikely friend over HAM radio, and learns the Universe is just as wonderful and just as intimidating as it looks in the Hubble images
182 A new crisis seemingly strikes the planet every month, be it Eggman, aliens or another troublemaker. Despite everything, a contracted photographer has grown numb to it all. How will he adapt when he's directly involved?
2179 A new tale with a new Anon who encounters a white wolfess one night. She's reclusive and cold, but maybe it'll take the affection of a human to get her to open up.
7910 A noble who has evaded arranged marriages for years is suddenly thrust into an inescapable wedding, the very day it's set to happen. When he and his family meet the bride, it turns out he's not the only one blindsided by the exact details.
1974 A one shot greentext written for an anon on 4chan. An ordinary man has a one-night stand on a Friday night. When the morning comes, he discovers that he may have gotten more than he bargained for this time. Despite him being on a tight schedule, his beastblood lover is not so ready to see him leave.
187 A proud citizen of the anthrostate enjoys his birthright.
2802 A race of felinoid aliens with a caste-based society occupy Earth in the near future. An ultra wealthy, high-caste Rriigkhan female named Quar gradually falls in love with one of her human servants despite her culture’s taboo against interspecies and intercaste relationships.
6784 A request from /wifwolf/ So a guy and his wolflet girlfriend go out to the beach during a supermoon...
6613 A request from /wifwolf/. So a few werewolves enter a theme park in the middle of a Halloween celebration...
3537 A self-proclaimed cute bug girl whisks you away on some kind of adventure. You're really not fond of cockroaches, though.
5124 A sequel to 'Underneath the Armor' set two years after the events of the first story. The club finds itself recruiting a desperately needed new member. He's a prodigy with a sword with an influential family name, but is also a violent narcissist who fights just as much to brutalize his opponent as to prove that he is eternally dominant. But is there more to this ego-fueled savage?
1524 A sequel to Escape From the Front, Gabriel and Evara now begin their journey across the known galaxy. Traveling from colony to colony, they seek to explore all that is possible, together. The question is, can they keep their heads long enough to do so?
1153 A sequel to https://archiveofourown.org/works/48351448 Rebecca and Anon try sparring again after last time. This time, Anon sees stripes before the stars.
1514 A series of short stories pertaining to the Invasion of Voorchala. Seen from all POVs. 5k words max per story.
313 A short story about a lady being chased through an abandoned industrial park by a maniac with a knife.
942 A short story involving Mike, Sneevi, and some other familiar faces living through a day in the hectic life of an agent of the Organization.
114 A short story of a cheetah woman and border collie competing for the attention of a human man on a running track. Made for the /hmofa/ short story prompt week 2
497 A short story on how to comfort a wolf girl.
390 A simple smut story about a human Calvin McMurray and Cat Ivy Pepper getting it on in an old Ford Model T
4152 A small series that I've had in mind in quite a while, you don't actually need to have read any of IDW's TMNT to understand anything so don't worry about that, acting as a deviation point in between IDW's TMNT #28 and #29 we see a heavily wounded Alopex who is unable to make it to Northampton and finds herself needing to stop to heal, where she'll find a boy looking for any kind of excitement in his life.  Also it's a /hmofa/ story and none of the turtles physically show up at any point (during the main story at least), so there's that, hope you enjoy it.
731 A story about a lonely man and a PTSD warhorse, set in a cyberpunk city
6243 A story about a man who falls in love with a seemingly mentally challenged tiger that slowly shows off how seemingly everyone around them is broken in one way or another, but still shows they're mostly good people on some level. A fair bit of gentle symbolism.
4514 A story following the exploits of a hitman in 1980's New York City.
6695 A story for /wifwolf/.  Max is a man in transition. After leaving his previous life in the city he arrives to Silverglade, a small town nestled in the bosom of a great forest. Though the townsfolk seem friendly, and his new cabin in the woods is everything he hoped for, there seems to be something a little strange about this town and it's history. An infestation of wolves, a rash of abductions in the past, a government investigation, and a diner that doesn't serve chocolate milkshakes? It won't be long until he learns the truth behind all the town's secrets, and gains a new companion in the process.
6109 A story told as a letter to an old friend. There is sex and blood, beware!
437 A strange newcomer had arrived in town. His exotic new habits and features make him a hot commodity, and many are curious. Curious enough to wonder if they should try for his hand in marriage. In the thick fog of heat, a maiden, shy Lamb and her buxom mother are especially enraptured, both of them seeking to snare the young man and take him as their own. Instead of competing, however, they've decided to share him, planning a scheme so that both of them could take the young human and enjoy the benefits. After all, why shouldn't he be able to have both of them?
427 A stranger finds himself trapped in a maze, having forgotten everything he once knew while he wanders the nonsensical, cursed corridors of a labyrinthian prison. His only reprieve from the eternal silence comes in the form of a strange woman, who seems vaguely familiar...
797 A surprise phone call turns into something much larger for Anon, a man desperately in need of some time outside his home, and in greater need of company.
1054 A tale of an unlikely conbination of beings, finding respite in eachother, whether from the burdens of the past or the trials of the present. Both still young and full of ambition, they partake in trade and carpentry to make ends meet, at least such is known to the naked eye. The future remains unwritten, shaped only by a single certainty: they will face it together.
6353 A terrible accident occurs, leaving Dr Jack Riviera stranded in an unknown yet inhabited world.
3975 A tired human on his way home nearly wrecks his car and finds an unexpected passenger.
3842 A tomboy coyote finds herself in the cockpit of a Hawker Hurricane, staring down the last of her childhood innocence with eight Browning machine guns
8658 A transactionary relationship between a man and his mysterious benefactor becomes more than what he bargained for.
6772 A tribal wolfess moves the city and has difficulty adapting to modern life, eventually finding her true calling after a chance encounter in a coffee shop.
7228 A trickster goddess comes to the mortal world in search of a follower... and finds more than that.
2297 A vanguard, named Galectha, and his anthro fox companion?, named Sunny, travel to a uncharted post-apocalyptic world of fox like creatures called 'Padmayans'. Here they intend to go into disguises as Padmayans to gather information on the planet. However, one female Padmayan is suspicious of them and despite her peers not believing her, she sets out to expose Galectha for what he really is, an xeno.
3450 A very special zoo is waiting for you after a long day of work.
7902 A wanderer, from a land far away, investigates rumors of a dangerous creature on a forest covered mountain in the land of the rising sun. He discovers more questions than answers once he meets the master of the mountain, and finds himself getting involved in a very old problem...
2671 A year since the world fell to female alien anthros, anon is condemned to participate in a "gladiatorial mating game" against a female rabbit for his crime of fraternizing with a female human (his wife).
758 A young engineer moves to the big city for his first job, not realizing that his new apartment is in the fur district... or how much the vixen next door might take a shine to him.
764 A young engineer moves to the big city for his first job, not realizing that his new apartment is in the fur district... or how much the vixen next door might take a shine to him.
9535 A young man follows some friends to a fur and skin tavern. Here, humans and wolven of the city meet, mingle and have sex. The man finds a wolfess who shows him a night he'll never forget. He had always wondered why the people here so willingly shared their city with this other species.
3290 A young man meets a big wasp, hijinks ensue.  This Is a reupload of an ongoing story I made for /hmofa/. Now that Pastebin has gone the way of Tumblr I've moved here and will be posting all future updates here as well.
4499 A young man travels to California to find a mysterious gunslinger who will help him find the man who killed his family.
861 A young spearman is abandoned to die by his mercenary company during a battle. A kindly, older Badgerkin takes him into her home and heart while healing his wounds.
8364 ANon and Clara have a date night, But Clara brings an unexpected guest
464 Abby and Daniel have been separated ever since high school. Things have been going rough lately for Daniel, he's unable to find a job despite graduating from college, and has to settle with working at a fast food restaurant. For Abby, she's maintained a career in streaming and showing herself off, yet her deepest desire is to have a partner with her. That will all change for the both of them when they find each other in a diner.
363 After (You) lost your job at the zoo due to budgets cuts, you didn't think anything odd about a job posting for a "Big Cat Breeder" at this new company. But it turned out these supposed "Big Cats" are Anthros, not ferals, and that (You) are going to be the one breeding them.
9131 After a rough day at work, Anon is soothed by his Border Collie roommate.
9087 After a rough day with his girlfriend, Anon turns to his longtime friend for some comfort. It turns into something more.
8950 After a series of unfortunate events a hognose anthro is forced to stay in Wyoming in the dead of winter. Keeping warm and constantly checking over her shoulder might have just become a little easier after meeting a helpful stranger her first time on an open gun range.
1553 After an apocalyptic event caused multiple worlds to combine into one chaotic mess, a man finds himself forming an unusual relationship with a very fuzzy alien in order to survive.
345 After another humiliating defeat at the hands of Sonic, Surge the Tenrec is forced to come to terms with the fact that she is falling apart. She's splitting at the seams, breaking down... and in her desperation she comes up with a reckless plan. Not everything goes as she expects. As the night drags on she finds herself entangled with a human of all things, the plan in shambles, and something once-broken inside of her clicking into place. And she has to wonder......Was it really okay for her to be this happy?
893 After escaping the mega-city of New Providence, an Advent scientist buys his way into a resistance cell operating within the once-abandoned subway systems of City-23, a city long since overrun by the Lost. Hoping to avoid further contact with his viper creations, the man is thrust into a role that could very well change his outlook on the alien species that he has come to fear most.  However, he may soon find out that the past doesn't stay buried for long.
927 After getting drunk at a party, Jacob Longway has the unfortunate encounter with an orb of energy, one that displaces him into another universe. How annoying.  Now instead of having to deal with rent and taxes, he has to deal with a geeky roommate, reversed gender roles, and... hyenas?
9077 After going on a cruise gone wrong, Anon becomes shipwrecked on a strange island. The inhabitants become very interested in their human visitor.
9061 After lusting over him for years, a Wolfess finally makes a move on Anon while they're together in their dorm room.
7263 After meeting a mysterious woman from another world, Anon decides to go after her, making new friends along the way.
1124 After practically melting in her garden, Rebecca goes inside for some AC. But to her dismay, it's practically as hot in there as it was outside.  And then Anon calls her to the bedroom.  Surely, he had nothing to do with it...
9257 After suffering a flat tire, a newly ordained priest seeks shelter at a castle, home to a hedonistic mad scientist and her eccentric servants. As the night goes on, the two will discover that their stark differences bring them closer to finding the elusive light in the darkness of their lives. It's just a jump to the left...
8342 After the Events Of Acid rain, Null is tasked to find Star's mother while a new crime faction emerges from the cities underground.
8787 After the War for Liberation, City 31 stands against the odds. A tentative peace exists within its borders. But the war's closing battles rage on elsewhere, and scavengers continue to toil as everyone desperately seeks scraps of the old regime's technology in order to maintain some semblance of civilized life. When a massive batch of fertilized viper eggs is found in an ADVENT storage facility, City 31 takes up the cause. Fearful that disposal would look bad to its non-human population, the city asks its resident vipers for assistance in raising the young. Jia, a former soldier turned schoolteacher, considers the offer. Already familiar with human children and further enticed by the promised increase in basic income, she asks herself: how hard could it be?
646 After the death of his mentally-ill uncle, twenty nine year old Jordan Bosco finds himself moving into the man's isolated woodland estate, desperately battling the constant negativity of his long time girlfriend turned fiancé Elizabeth Mathers. He has hope for the future and his new life in the middle of nowhere, but little does he know, there is more than just wildlife lurking beyond the tree line.
8160 After the world ended, people tried to rebuild. Tread does not try to rebuild, he takes what is his. One of those things he takes is a Slave worth quite a bit, A spotless cheetah named Coul.
6914 After waiting for years, Anon rewards his young paramour with the graduation present she's been dreaming of.
3440 After watching to many BRED pornos the lonely panther girl next door tries to charm her human neighbor into fucking her.
8704 Ah, New York, the city that never sleeps, within it resides a man named Craig: one of the many people that gives the city its namesake. A workaholic, with no time for anything else, normally. But, today is not "business as usual". Something comes up, and it's up to him to find a solution. Can he solve the issue with the new secretary, or will she drag both of them down? Read to find out.
1756 Ah, college, where professors are incomprehensible, and communication between the sexes, impossible. Add in a dash of duck women and dense men and you have one hell of a crumbly dam between a night of screaming pleasure and a night utterly alone.
1134 Alex N. Otte-Neilson has just arrived to his new life in Ivydale, a small college town. He's attending Ivyton University, planning on getting an engineering degree. But as he moves into the dorms, he finds out that his first year of college will likely be more interesting than he expected.
1183 Alex N. Otte-Neilson has just arrived to his new life in Ivydale, a small college town. He's attending Ivyton University, planning on getting an engineering degree. But as he moves into the dorms, he finds out that his first year of college will likely be more interesting than he expected.
4886 Alexander was ripped from his average life and summoned as a hero in another world. He's faced countless battles, but in the end, it was futile. When an unstoppable force meets an unmovable object, how can peace between them be found?
637 Aliens have made contact with humanity for the first time. They want only one thing, to be held and cuddled, brushed and cared for. Will the men of Earth be able to satisfy these (sometimes literal) space vixens? Or is humanity going to end up as nothing more than the latest fad and fade away?
1416 Alistair Roberts starts his first day of 11th grade at Westgate High, a majority-anthro school, as one of the only two humans in the building. Can he find the right pack to join and survive his last two years of high school?
2337 Alphys crosses the line, with Kris' help.
4020 Americanrdetective goes after Yakuza crime boss. The crime boss then makes a deal with the detective to not compromise here position in exchange for a good time.
5859 An (UNFINISHED) tale about how things are going away from the frontline from the eyes of a Police Officer and his EU asset, the prologue may also shed some light about the situation as a whole. This tale includes data on the Enforcement Units and as such it is recommended to read the three in order. Order: State Zero, Immediate Life Threat, Mass Casualty Incident.
4504 An American living in Italy moves back home after an opportunity comes to own a plantation where insect-anthros are kept as slaves. He tackles with the moral quandary of owning slaves, while trying to give them a better life.
9227 An Anon get home from work and is greeted buy his naked-by-the-fire wolfess. Slight fluff and love then sex.
9124 An Anon tries to enjoy a weekend getaway in the Appalachians, but something seems determined to share that fun with him.
7135 An amateur hiker wanders the woods one night, only to stumble upon a ritual, much to the fortune of those performing it. A lewd short that serves as a bit of a prequel to Tricky Business.
6796 An argument between a human and his Liger wife ends up spiraling out of control and into the bedroom.
1578 An article for the hmofa magazine on my favourite waifur species, the goat
9168 An away-from-home Anon gets an early morning package. What's inside might just turn out to be the best Christmas present ever.
1969 An experimental greentext written for (and inspired by others on) 4chan and driven by user feedback. Roska, your childhood best friend, feels humiliated by your relationships with other women. After a final insult, the brilliant but troubled anthro lioness finally takes matters into her own hands. She's intent on claiming you no matter the pain she must inflict on her competition. At the request of other posters, there are three possible endings: a "good end", a "bad end", and an action-packed, off-the-wall ending. The "bad end" is explicit and contains cuckquean content, so beware. The others are relatively clean, with the action ending containing some violence.
911 An explorer goes to a village of Anthro Magical Cat people called the Kash'gons and starts to narrate and write about what he saw there; Art: https://furrycdn.org/img/view/2023/6/19/249417.jpg
5383 An insectoid woman has been trapped for months aboard a desolate vessel. Her situation grows more dire by the second as her ship descends into the shadow of a planet. As her dreary isolation drags on, an intruder appears nearby. A human. An enemy. Perhaps her key to freedom.
6802 Annoyed by the unwanted advances of a coworker, a man and his wolverine gf aim to solidify their relationship status with the production of a little homemade video...
55 Anon (no, not that one) press-gangs his Great White Shark tenant into helping him hunt Bigfoot.
455 Anon Baldwin leads a charmed life as the son of a powerful Anthrostate politician. Everything changes when he is kidnapped by an Anthro crime lord and offered as the grand prize for a fight tournament. As his family and the Male Recovery Division race to rescue him, Anon finds himself caught up in the twisted politics and dark realities of the Anthro underworld. Time is beginning to run out for the young human, and he must fight to save his future - and the future of the Anthrostate.
1168 Anon and Jagwife meet a friend and do a little sightseeing
1129 Anon and Rebecca are trying to have a child, and a promising sign turns out to be nothing. Anon takes things a little too far, and Rebecca decides to teach him a lesson. A short little Mother's Day thing with Rebecca and Anon. Maybe next year I'll have actually written their kids. Art by EnglishMuffin1221!
1104 Anon and Rebecca finally get to some baking as their holiday break begins, preparing sweets of all sorts.  However, Anon has his eye on one dish in particular... a particularly large one.
1109 Anon and Rebecca reluctantly wake up to a wintery workday and discover they need to dig themselves out of the heavy snow. Anon is delegated to do it, of course, while Rebecca makes breakfast. But he finds a different surprise when he comes back inside.
1139 Anon and Rebecca, a human-tiger couple, take a much-needed fall vacation. They travel to a little place upstate, but find it to be a little outdated and small. Despite that and the stresses they've been going through at home, they manage to get an early start on their relaxation.>
7459 Anon and Reita have some big news for Sophia.
9113 Anon and his German Shepard lady friend go for a week-long vacation in her Cabin out in the woods. Unbeknownst to Anon, his friend is about to enter her heat.
9097 Anon and his girlfriend have some "bonding" time.
9217 Anon and his horse wife have a little fun
7234 Anon and his wife celebrate both their marriage anniversary and the anniversary of the end of her favorite old cartoon.
7239 Anon and his wife celebrate both their marriage anniversary and the anniversary of the end of her favorite old cartoon.
9544 Anon becomes a pet to a rat girl and as time passes the young rodent starts to see Anon as much more than a domesticated companion.
7129 Anon calls a mysterious phone number he got from a party he doesn't remember, and agrees to meet the other party at a graveyard, because why not.
9137 Anon calms his Border Collie roommate down after a stressful couple days for her.
2637 Anon cheers up his lesbian friend after a rough break up.
1205 Anon chooses to work with his star witness to ensure the trial goes well... and maybe for another reason, too.
4074 Anon comes home from work to his lioness roommate who's in insufferable heat and he makes her feel the love tonight
5805 Anon comes home one day to an unexpected scaly guest. Can he overcome some unscrupulous characters, his own fears and some forced cuddling to save the day? (HMOFA/non lewd/some cuddling)
6366 Anon creates his perfect gaming waifur and it comes to life
9066 Anon decides the spent the night in an abandoned house. After waking up from a dream, he realizes the house wasn't empty after all.
3991 Anon downloads a mysterious app on his phone in hopes of a girlfriend
2167 Anon encounters a mythological "spark dog" creature named Juitz. He unwittingly has to kick her out of her current home, and sadly it's not the first time it's happened to her. To make things better Anon helps Juitz try to find a new place to live, but he soon finds he has a little bit of magnetism with this electrical canine.
7257 Anon finds himself stalked by a mysterious lady from another world. Upon confronting her, he agrees to help her in her observation of the human world. Comfiness ensues. Part 1 of a series.
8376 Anon from "College isn't so bad' has an adventure with his friends a continuation of a story.
8370 Anon from "college isn't so bad" helps a friend move in with him and Clara
2700 Anon gets blackmailed by his vixen boss.
8501 Anon gets into a car accident after a series of unfortunate events. He wakes up with his car mysteriously undamaged and without a trail. Everything seems to be normal and exactly the same, that’s when he finds out his hometown population was replaced. Will he be able to cope with the new residents and be with someone on Christmas day?
2752 Anon gets lost and bones a cryptic.
4050 Anon gets rejected by a human girl so anthro girls show him what he's been missing
4079 Anon goes hiking and injuries himself and is taken care of by a native wolfess
8212 Anon goes on a blind date and meets a Hybrid girl that he hits it off with however they both have demons that they have to get over
9150 Anon goes on a camping trip and is joined by a local tribal wolfess
6920 Anon goes on a six hour road trip with his coworkers. After dropping them off, he heads over to meet his long distance girlfriend face to face for the first time.
4010 Anon goes to a human convention and meets a girl with a human fetish.
8135 Anon goes to comfort his childhood friend and fate seems to think they should be more than that.
5768 Anon goes to stay with family out in the countryside to rest and recover. While there however he finds more than he bargained for, thanks to a fox named Freja and a dick uncle called Steve...
1258 Anon goes to the bad side of town to pick up "something" for his friend, shenanigans ensue.
8184 Anon goes to the club because of his co workers Maybe he gets lucky?
5777 Anon goes to visit his friend Lita, the cute anthro bunny, when his regular girlfriend takes him for granted. Lita has a plan to cheer Anon up however, and show him that sometimes the grass really is greener on the other side.
8202 Anon had decided to live out in the woods as a homesteader, however. something else lurks in the woods
2196 Anon has a job with the biggest exporter of dreams-come-true on the planet, but never in his wildest fantasies would he imagine finding anthros underneath the costumes.
5748 Anon has a new girlfriend, a special lady named Opal. What makes her different to any other girlfriend he's had though? She's an anthro lizard. Things are just fine until Anon goes to visit her home, and another lizard takes an interest in him.
5753 Anon has a problem, two problems in fact. The two teenage vixen daughters of his love. Can he survive their advances until she gets home? Surely their mother can put them straight...
7124 Anon has a strange condition, not that his wife minds.
4198 Anon has an anxiety attack and calls his good friend Riza, a crocodile girl who's happy to help.
8285 Anon has been sent to Africa to help negotiate peace between 2 rival warlords, one Human one anthro. His guide, Akina, a shortstack Aardwolf just happens to not know about personal space.
8394 Anon has moved to the Bayou after losing a number of Jobs and meets a very special person there
2127 Anon has never played the popular card game "Glamor: The Matchmaking", but he's willing to learn if it means getting to know a nerdy, curvaceous red panda girl.
4386 Anon helps a anthro in heat at his local gym
2113 Anon helps his girl get through the frigid, unfamiliar Midwestern winter.
2952 Anon helps his hyena friend train and they reveal their feelings for each other
7448 Anon hires the services of a beast girl to assist him on a short adventure. This is a one-shot spinning off from Raised by Humans. It is disconnected from the main story, and not necessarily "canon".
7140 Anon home is filthy, so the demon of cleanliness come to clean.
5664 Anon is a landlord in a world of genetically engineered anthros. Some are pets and some are not because of rights and "progress" and the such. Anon grandma own 3 anthro dobermans as pets, and one of his tenants is an anthro panda bear. Hijinks ensue.
9072 Anon is a settler out in colonial America in the middle of the untamed wilderness. Little does he know, something's been watching him these past couple months...
5816 Anon is a soldier of the Republic, but after dying an unfortunate death he finds himself lost in a form of furry purgatory with a demonic legion on his trail. Can he somehow escape with his soul intact? It will take the help of a certain hare to find out.rn
327 Anon is a solitary man and keeps to himself in his cabin in the mountains working his fancy day job, however a local werewolf has taken a keen interest in him.
1892 Anon is a squire for strong-ass female horse knight. After a tough battle she rewards him for taking so good care of here black blade.
8401 Anon is a survivor from a Vault-tec experiment, but he gets caught in a blizzard in the woods or Oregon He takes shelter, but a female deathclaw also wants to stay warm.
9055 Anon is accosted by several Gator girls. One manages to find its way into his home. Fun ensues.
8123 Anon is an anthro Masseuse who has a new customer. Well, kinda, his co worker called in sick and now HE has to cover for her
1886 Anon is an apprentice scribe to Ofelia, Matriarch of Words and today she has an entirely new task for him to do.
8291 Anon is an explorer trying to find a hidden temple, He recruits the help of a local tribal She asks a favor from him in return though.
173 Anon is an outlier among the Náisiúin. For one, he’s human. For another, he serves in the Míleata as part of Na Gconstáblaí, tasked with crushing the Human Resistance Army (HRA). To him, it's a necessary fight—one that will bring lasting peace between anthros and the Indigenous human reservation. It’s the dream he’s always held, shaped by the influence of his mother; Seansailéir of the state. But as he delves deeper into his assignments—forced into the shadows to handle the state’s dirtiest work in the Human Reservation—he begins to hear the stories the HRA tells. Stories that gnaw at his convictions. And with each revelation, a chilling thought takes root: his mother may not be the peacemaker he always believed her to be. Anthrostate story inspired by some talks on 4chan's /trash/ & /hmofa/ board, regarding the lack of blood mother-son relationships in the anthrostate. After pondering the idea that a high ranking anthrostate woman would be allowed to create her own genetically modified human egg, I came up with this story and had to get it on paper. 2nd p POV, multi endings maybe.
5566 Anon is becoming increasingly attracted to his close camel friend
7769 Anon is being courted by and eldritch "abomination". He is terrified and cautious at first, but he eventually warms up to her.
9107 Anon is forced to marry a Polar Bear King's daughter in order to secure peace between the Human and Anthro kingdoms. Over time, romance between the two blossoms.
9032 Anon is forced to undergo communist conversion therapy by mean of bear pussy
5758 Anon is having a bad day, in his bad life. When he gets home however he doesn't find the usual emptiness waiting for him. He finds something far better. Is it real? Is he going mad? Does he care? The sexy friendly skunk girl will help him find out one way or another...
7622 Anon is inexplicably summoned into another world (universe?), standard isekai shit except avoiding the stock japaweeb bullshit tropes and no truck-kun killing him.
8631 Anon is kidnapped by the nefarious Government Agency FFI to forcefully undergo morally questionable things with unwilling anthro females. A jailbreak happens and now he is on the run with some female anthros he escaped with.
2512 Anon is married to his very horny dragonwife, who's a few feet taller than him. Despite being deeply in love, he's insecure about pleasing her, especially as she begins embracing her depravity. Just as she goes into heat, and he's finding it all too much, the tables turn with a spell that doesn't go quite to plan...
2174 Anon is snatched away by a (were?)wolfess for a night of fun to show him how much better monsters celebrate their favorite holiday.
2036 Anon is the luckiest man in Lylat with the world's most popular vixen as his girlfriend. When she's not acting on the hit show "Star Fox", she's never far from her beloved significant other.
2099 Anon is the only male in a tribe of female saber tooth tigers, and his presence alone is enough to put them into heat. Unfortunately, one in particular is not fond of sharing him.
8329 Anon is transported to a world full of animals, but how can he cope with losing his family?
5800 Anon is working as a poolboy/gardener/handyman to earn enough money for school. He starts working for a cougar milf, who may have more in mind for him than just trimming her bush...
4907 Anon just wants some sleep but his Tiger girlfriend has a problem
6137 Anon likes to pick fights with the trio of vixens known as the lesbians. One day, he faces an as yet unheard of push-back.
2828 Anon makes love to his wife during the holiday season. Inspired by http://s2.desu-usergeneratedcontent.xyz/trash/image/1467/35/1467351055396.jpg.
7950 Anon meets an opossum running a general store in the middle of nowhere and is instantly smitten. She takes note and takes advantage.
2554 Anon meets two shark girls mods at a bar: one is small and petite and the other large and muscular. They go somewhere private and give new meaning to the phrase "man eating shark".
9197 Anon minding his own business finds a Dalmatian struggling with something. Anon the offers to help.
1210 Anon plans to cut himself off from Rebecca and Talia so that neither of them are hurt, both emotionally and legally. However, the tigress has other plans.
3492 Anon plays a sexual game of prey/predator in the woods with his raptor girl, as they have done many times before. Little does Anon know, however, that his girlfriend won't be hunting him alone.
1460 Anon relaxes with video games after a long day of work. His viper partner, Lily, has other ideas, involving a nice warm dinner and a game of Twister.
2761 Anon scores a hot date with a multiple headed hydra anthro and now they are going back to his place to perform acts of unspeakable lewdness.
9043 Anon shares a motel room with three Wolves on a cold, Minnesotan winter night.
9143 Anon struggles to stay warm on a cold night.
6344 Anon stumbles upon a magical tavern in the forest. Here, he meets Felicity, a feline anthro who accidentally stumbled upon this place while looking for "the man of her dreams". Now both stuck in this "Nexus of worlds", they decide to explore it together and search for a way back to their worlds.
7119 Anon succumbs to telemarketers and buys "Grow a Friend". Gets exactly that.
2709 Anon summons a date.
2023 Anon takes his tiger girlfriend to a waterpark to help her over her fear of water
4005 Anon takes his tomboy hyena friend for a walk when he confess his love to her
7436 Anon takes on the responsibility of sheltering a homeless wolf child.
7442 Anon teaches an older Sophia how to drive. This is a one-shot spinning off from Raised by Humans. It is disconnected from the main story, and not necessarily "canon"
2654 Anon the firefighter heads to the showers, but to his surprise his dalmation coworker wants to join him.
2120 Anon the sellsword is reduced to a lowly groomer when detained by the town guard. His recipient is a wolfess who is also the town's prisoner, though for much more violent reasons. As Anon cleans the wolfess up, he begins to notice the subtle effect she has on him.
1930 Anon the son of a human diplomat of the American empire, moves with his family to the city-state of Genkits, a place filled with anthros who are results of genetic engineering. Anon finds the attitudes of anthros toward sex here are very relaxed, not that he's complaining, but one day finds what appears to be possible outlier, a female mouse raised in human society in Canada.
4055 Anon thinks his girlfriend has broken up with him on Halloween but it turns out there's more too it.
9118 Anon tries to track down whatever has been stealing his bosses cattle. He finds a lot more than he bargained for.
7186 Anon wakes up in an old motel in the middle of a storm, and soon realizes he's not alone...
8323 Anon wants a Bat GF. But how can he get one? a short story
5782 Anon wants a small anthro girl to dominate, a funky chemical cocktail later and he almost has what he wished for... But fate has other plans... Bigger plans...
5705 Anon works is part of a anthro crime family in a "sin-city" kind of setting
9049 Anon's friend takes him to a party out in the sticks. Anon discovers that he likes Anthros A LOT more than he thought he did.
5414 Anon's significant other comes home after a night of drinking to meet a worried anon. It plays out like some sort of gender reversal where the anthro is the reckless drunk husband and anon is the worried wife. They mediate the situation with sex.
2445 Anon's thirst for bunny booty boils over
8196 Anon's vacation is interrupted by a certain cow anthro who is tired of dealing with creeps. Luckily they get along and shenanigans ensue.
2620 Anon's wasp fiance helps ease his stress after a long they at work.
2817 Anon, a high school dropout working a dead end job, adopts a miserable anthro off the streets as his daughter.
7250 Anon, a stargazer, witnesses the Crash of an alien spacecraft. When he investigates, he comes across a survivor. Mutual curiosity and learning about one another's cultures ensues.
2822 Anon, a teacher, decided to help one of his students who is having a hard time living on the streets and forms a platonic student/teacher bond with her.
7180 Anon, despite being easily frightened, develops a habit of listening to horror podcasts every night. He has his reasons...
2064 Anon, finding himself suddenly in a world of anthros, decides it might be his chance to get a fresh start in his love life. There's no shortage in furry girls who have their eyes on him, but it's a lonely canine girl who could use his love and support more than anyone.
7169 Anon, lost in the woods, decides following a mysterious red light is a reasonable course of action, and ends up finding what exactly that light is tied to...
7175 Anon, upon losing his job, heads home, only to end up in an abandoned facility. But hey, at least they have Wi-Fi. The tale of a man who awakens in a mysterious lab... and quickly realizes he's not alone. Inspired by a dream, begun on a whim, and intended to end in a single weekend, Terminal Condition quickly ballooned into a full-length feature. It's also my personal favorite finished work, featuring one of my absolute favorite "Retverse" characters. See if you can guess who it is.
2146 Anon’s girlfriend has transformed into a creature of myth, permanently. Although she’s not the same person physically, he’s determined to bring the girl he fell in love with’s mind back out.
1980 Another greentext written for a prompt on 4chan.  At the behest of your mother, you're being married off to a wealthy heiress in the wake of a tragedy. You spend one last week with the wolf woman and your long-time friend, Erma, before you finally tie the knot. On the morning you're supposed to leave for the wedding, a blizzard disrupts your plans. Erma is determined to make you stay.  Be mindful of the tags.
6790 Another request from /wifwolf/ A man and his wolven wife live out in an isolated wilderness, struggling to survive in the harsh conditions. Their situation becomes even more dire when after a failed hunt she arrives to the cabin as only half the wolfess she used to be.
802 Ansel, a blue collar boy working to the best of his ability seeks a weekend off. Home alone and winding down to the best of his abilities. But it seems outside forces have a different opinion on how he should be spending his weekend.
4025 Anthro female mourning loss of her human lover
1173 April, a wolf anthro, and her budding human boyfriend, Andrew O' Nickle, are having a wonderful date night when something goes awry...
6099 At his birthday party, Tiny invites his nemesis, the shark girl Isuru. WARNING: BITING AND BLOOD.[shark][]
4543 Being the only human in an Ancient China dominated by animals, you'd never expected to last as long as you had, or rise as high as you'd risen. As the Equipment Manager of the Jade Palace's prestigious Training Hall - home to some of the greatest Kung Fu warriors in all of Asia, the Furious Five - you build and replace the numerous tools with which the masters hone their skills. A tinkerer at heart and a former grease monkey by trade, it should've been your dream job. As it turns out, cleaning up after a bunch of glorified thugs with a penchant for breaking crap isn't all it's cracked up to be. It's the tiger who irks you the most; she's always going out of her way to be that little bit more rough with the equipment that she needs to be, always shooting you those angry, sidelong glances. It isn't until the two of you finally butt heads that you both realize there's more to each other than meets the eye.
8129 Biologist Hunts for bigfoot, but it isn't what he expects
164 Blood related mother-son green with a mild incest undertone
155 Born into wealth and comfort of the industrial revolution, Oskar Lindqvist has not often had to endure hardship. After a drunken celebration of the publishing of his novel, he makes the mistake to flaunt his ego against forces he cannot comprehend. Spirited away into the depths of Sweden's forests, he is met with the horrifying truth that every tale and legend has a kernel of truth, and why superstition could save your mortal soul.
8013 Caimillus, son of a draconis augisti cavalry soldier, and his bonded dragon Angelus, apply on an Edmarkan expedition across the uncharted waters far in the Dumarric Ocean. What awaits for them across the alien waters, no one knows. No ship that sailed across these waters has ever returned.
986 Called to adventure by a noble family, a group of adventurers sets off on the first big adventure of their lives and save a Princess!  I'll try to figure out a better summary once I actually figure it out more.  The story is inspired by Pathfinder, it's rules, classes and it's races, but it doesn't take place in Golarion.
6253 Chickenman from "Chickenmans wild ride" got to a Halloween party and due to space magic is able to meet several different characters from other stories and visit some very different places
1647 Chloe is SpaceDimSum's character. She's an Aardwolf (Type of Hyena) with a short temper and stature. She's part of the Evil Skate Squad. I imagine she gets less bitchy when you get her in the right place emotionally.
4900 Chris has been wondering about a childhood memory. Now he finds himself in the ruins of the old Pizzaplex with only one goal in mind. To see his favorite animatronic again.
884 Chris's first week of university hasn't been going how he had hoped. Classes are piling on work immediately and he failed to make any new friends. However, with his passion lying in jazz, he makes an effort to become friends with someone in the school's band. Vivian, the horse anthro vibraphonist, seems to be an unexpected fit for him.
4702 Christina Marlowe's newest client is a junior architect that thinks someone is out to get his firm. Going by the fact that he's willing to pay one of Nuevo Cargangel's chimeras—descendants of the survivors of a plague that mutated them into animalistic but anthropomorphic forms—he might be right and desperate. Why else would he trust a notorious vixie?  As usual, the rest is a mess of schemes that's headed downhill. Why does Boss Jones, the half-bison, think Marlowe knows something about his stolen blueprints? Are the buns of The Warren involved or just another distraction? And where does the arrest of one of the city's biggest confectioners fit in?  The easy answer is that everyone wants a bigger slice of power and resources.  Marlowe is one of them, but is she anyone's sweetheart or about to take a trip to the body farms?
8388 Christmas has come around. Unfortunately Anon has to work, but that doesn't mean he doesn't have plans to Give Bella the best gift.
3475 Chubby Cheetah in Africa and Chana's sister gets some human too.
740 Connor Trombley, a self proclaimed "Modern Man" and his partner Karina Torres, an Anthro Capuchin and self proclaimed "Woman of the trees" complete contracts for a mysterious company simply called "The Agency"
3469 Constantly being humiliated for your running speed by a cheetah you take the chance of romance with her chubby sister. During your dates you soon find out that she and her mother are kinkier than you thought.
5795 Created in response to a sad picture someone posted of a sad dragon waiting for her prince charming. Anon goes to a castle looking for a maiden but finds only the dragon that was guarding her. Stuff happens. Lewd stuff.
5834 Croc ladies in 'Nam
1283 Cryogenically brought to a grim future to be a slave in a human hive, Erik Barnes refuses the role and instead finds himself a slave in the Wildlands, where he has a unique opportunity to earn a place in anthro society.
1730 David "Dave" McLovin and his wife, Bethany "Beth" McLovin, take in a guest on good faith, but maybe for the trying couple, it wasn't the best idea.
6894 Demon is magically bonded to knight because his grandmother was a witch and made a pact with the demon.
4912 Detective Anon is trying to stop the ook poster who's been plaguing HMOFA
1455 Dirk is a starport mechanic contracting day after day away. Smokes and one-night-stands are his way of life, and he intended on keeping it that way; until he had a run-in with a spitfire caniform in a clunky Yuba 90 corvette.
8253 Disgraced naval captain turned pirate attacks a slavers ship unknowingly and offers the slaves the chance to join his crew. Pirate stuff ensues
829 Dissatisfied with life in the city, Anon takes a job that lands him in a sleepy mountain town. He finds happiness, new friends and opportunity, but after an accident he'll be asked to put his life on the line for someone he cares about.
1214 Don't want to jump between works/ don't want to deal with the CYOA? Read the whole Rebecca (Normal) Path via this work. You are Anon Anonerson, living it up in the Anthrostate, the (totally) benevolent totalitarian government that manages a world of humans and Anthros. You've managed to skirt around most of the restrictive laws by faking a relationship with an Anthro named Talia-- humans that are paired up with Anthros get better treatment. And if you try to avoid it for too long, the state kindly mandates a 'civil union' for you-- which is something you'd like to avoid, considering the way the state treats people who don't play nice with their convoluted system. But a fateful trip to the gun range puts your little scheme-- and hobby of collecting old weapons-- into jeopardy.
4084 Dragon born falls in love with a Khajiit
6295 Dumb shower idea about cultural differences between sentient species.  Very short, green text format.  Some descriptors are written in character of a farmer who is judgemental to the human race. Take with (buckets of) salt as needed.
5361 Enrique is content with his average, if perhaps slightly dull life of video games and work. One night flips that existence on its head, as a smashed window and an unwanted visitor crawls in. A touchy, curious visitor with a deep stare that slowly swallows his thoughts and life.
7941 Enter KNEAD FOR SPEED, a high octane, heart-pumping,  racecar-having,  tire smoking,  FLAME spitting, sparks FLYING, carbohydrates containing, preheat-oven-to-400-and-bake-for-thirty-minutes-doing,  TOAST TOASTING, BREAD BUSSIN', ZOOM ZOOMIN', OWO UWUING, drifting and driving experience!  Jokes aside, this is a prototype for an arcade-style driving/drifting game. It may exhibit bugs but is playable for the most part.
678 Even in the world of contract killers and guns for hire, love still exists. Gun for hire Gage Valentine is about to be reminded of this fact.
838 Even the best made plans can fall to ruin. Ignore the tags if you don't want spoilers.
4214 Ex mercenary Anon get caught up in a political turmoil after resquing an anthro woman in a war torn country.
8358 Ex military human meets Nerdy Snow leopard when he goes back to college, in a town that frowns on Human anthro relationships. He learns how to be a civilian again and she learns how the real world works.
6104 Exciting news comes to the town of Ohdetza after a long arduous war. Presenting an opportunity for his favorite pastime, visiting an age-old fortress, Mattej decides to journey out of the city alone. He is joined by a lovely pair of anthropomorphic girls on his journey. But not all is what it seems.  Warning: Sexual Assault and Violence.
788 Faith receives a letter from her father away in war.
8985 Five years after the Liberation War, a mission to extract a mole in the ADVENT Remnant goes horribly wrong. With the threat of traitors amongst XCOM's ranks, Bradford pulls an old soldier out of retirement as a desperate act. This soldier enters into a world alien to the one he left behind, a world trying to rebuild from the destruction of the Liberation War and wipe away the taint of the Elders. He soon finds himself falling down a rabbit hole of terrorist plots, schemes and conspiracies in a secret war that could end XCOM itself. And leading him into this world of human and alien cooperation is the only survivor of the failed extraction. A jaded, chubby, French-accented viper.
1393 For all its glory, City 31 is far from perfect. For all its technology and all its advances, it's still got parts of town just as rough as the old world. Something an unsuspecting man is reminded of when he takes a wrong turn on his way home at night. Things don't exactly go great for him, but... Maybe a bit better than he was expecting.
8653 For most, the end of a long and costly war is to be celebrated. Peace is worth almost any price. Unless you are the one left to pay it. The story of renegade knight Jan and his badger nemesis turned companion Ela as they try and escape the long arm of the law.
7454 For some reason, Sophia wants to try baking a cake.
749 For ten thousand years the kingdoms of men stood proud atop the cosmic hierarchy, dominating the lesser races of the earth as a singular unitary imperium. With the resurgence of unimaginably powerful ancient magic, unseen for nearly nine thousand years, that unity was shattered. In the self declared, far eastern fledgling Empire of Zamor & Rozkha, one common tavern owner finds himself subject to forces beyond which any man can control. In this world filled with fantastic beings from elves to beastmen, he will witness a people's desperate struggle for existence. The question is, can he tread the path fate has carved for him, or will he be cursed to become another soul lost in the echoing chamber of history.
8238 Former Boomer Anon wanders the Mojave and meets a Deluxe Snekdog named Gracie, together they wander the wastes.
9212 Four nugger abscond with Anon and dump him into the African wilderness. He could come back leading the pride. 4channiness and then sex.
1652 Funny story from a chat about serenading waifurs.
1519 Gabriel Santana is a Federal Marine during the invasion of Voorchala, and just so happens to fall for a Voorchal, she just so happens to feel the same way. The Federation consider their actions as an offense, and Santana is stripped of his rank and placed into a penal unit as punishment. The lovers just so happen to cross paths once again, and decide to escape the besieged planet.
6712 Gary and Lucy are a recently married couple living a typical suburban lifestyle, but what's not so typical is that Lucy turns into a werewolf when the full moon comes out; however, on the last full moon Lucy failed to return to her human form, and even more concerning is the fact that she turns out pregnant, apparently the result of a broken condom on the night of her last transformation. Together Gary and Lucy must work together to keep her hidden from the public eye all while dealing with nosy neighbors, her growing cabin fever, and a dwindling bank account.
8054 Grey Darwin Is out in the new Pokemon region of Albion helping find a new Safari zone location with his Eevee Eva.
4832 He doesn’t flirt. He doesn’t flinch. Elliot Grayson is calm, literal, and always sincere — and that’s exactly what makes Beastborn chase him. On Heat Street, where words hit hard and instincts run hotter, his quiet nature doesn’t keep him out of trouble. It invites it.
6743 Hello, this is a collection of shorter greentexts I've written over the past year or so, I've finally decided to upload them to repositories for safekeeping. These stories range anywhere from a couple hundred to a couple thousand words and cover a wide range of topics and tones, though the content is nothing out of the ordinary compared to my other longer stories. Looking for something specific from a tag? The title of the work or CTRL+F should help you find it. This repository will be gradually updated as I make new ones.
2134 Heroes who save the day still have to wash themselves, or at least have a partner like Anon to help them out.
487 Hey, hey kid . . . you want to read a story about a guy who bakes bread for dragons?
5040 High Lord Anonymous's newly wed wife likes to get cucked by female anthros.
8571 Hop Fire is an Fps originally created for a game jam. You play as a gunslinging frog wizard fighting a group of space pirate bugs. You only have a limited number of bullets so make your shots count.
5335 Hornet encounters a visitor in Hallownest. A formidable fighter and a curious companion. She treats him to one of the many springs within the winding tunnels, finding there's more underneath his armor than she had ever imagined.
7195 Horny cats want that humie cock, but they are all short and heard that humans only like tall cat ladies.
8190 Human saves an amputee Maned wolfess from a terrible blind date, they get together for a few dates and grow together as people and help her accept herself again
8965 Humans have recently discovered a species of scaled anthros on another planet with a high ratio of female to males. This is a biological report for the purpose of analyzing the prospects of future Human-Vishan pairings. Report also includes interviews with members of female Vishans.
3090 Hyrulian guard takes a nap near the lake
8072 I found this discarded plushie in a storm drain? what could it be?
8060 I got home after a long day and my twin Goodras want to help me out
1064 I guess this is it. Done with Earth. Done with the Root and the Mother. Done with all of it. I’ll leave this here in case anyone wonders what happened to me. I’m off to find Navun and do what good I can with what I got left. I can think of worse ways to live out my days. - Andrew Ford, November 2029
2974 If you have a dirty, no good, morally dubious job that needs doing, you can call on the crew of the Queen's Kiss, expert mercenaries who will take on any gig, for the right price. Join her not-so-noble crew when they get charged the task of retrieving a bundle of eggs for a strange client.
1690 Imagine for, a moment, your friend gives you a gift that if it in 3/5 of the places you go, you would be killed for having it. This is the situation Farod Hytherion is put in when his Sith friend gives him two slaves to keep him company on his long and lonesome journeys across the stars, the worst part is, he couldn't say no. So begins a story of a merchant and his skillful use of Fraud to keep his head on his shoulders while his slaves fall in love with their master who pushes them constantly away. That last bit is stupidly common in star wars, even Anakin's mom did that.
8336 In a cyberpunk world were everyone one has Mechanical Augmentations and implants that are required for modern life, Null is a human who cant have them due to a nervous system disorder, he must make his way through life trying to survive in a world were everything is against him.
527 In a mostly anthro populated high school, the daughter of an infamous lion wrecks havoc among the students and staff for the fun of it. Follow the events that are caused or revolve around her which affects her friends, family, and her victims.
2521 In a society where everything is connected and monitored seamlessly with AI, a human named Alex lives 'off the grid' - essentially a ghost in the eyes of the system, and a valuable asset for the rich and powerful.
773 In a universe where humans are rare, a scavenger ship picks up a pod with one in it. Where did this human come from? What was his purpose? And why was he jettisoned out into space when his race is highly prized?
1028 In a world where humans have long been thought to be extinct an outdoorsy raccoon named Julie goes hiking in search of proof they still exist.
264 In space, no one can hear you awoo. Original HMOFA/monsterfucker sci-fi nonsense, enjoy!
82 In the nation of Battahl, a fell shadow looms over the beastren's sovereign. Though her wishes seek naught but peace for her people, Empress Nadinia's life has become endangered by a shadowy conspiracy. The latest attempt on her life only narrowly twarted by the timely intervention of a stranger among their midst, can her allies find the culprit behind these attacks against her, afore the next blade finds its mark? Can she trust that the Arisen is who he says he is? Can Her Highness even trust her own judgement, as she feels her faith waver like a candle in the storm? An AU where Itsuno didn't get cucked by Capcom(AGAIN!), and the second half of the second game was actually fleshed out rather than being only some filler before The Dragon fight, written by someone who has spent 3000+ hours playing through the whole franchise(and is still playing both games).
2000 In the wake of the battle for Bryce Canyon, Miles Penn is reunited with his father, Adrian. Him and the rest of his little band scramble to make it to Zion as Administrator Paxi heads up the manhunt, but there are yet-uncovered truths about the Daxy's occupation which will shake the Penn family to its foundation.  A recovering Colonel Braxys has learned much from her encounters with Miles and her rival Rax. Making a change in herself and in her tactics will be necessary to Induct the residents of Zion into the Empire, and have a shot at true love with Miles.  Meanwhile, on a distant corner of Mars, high-value human inmate "Forty" is subjected to the realities of internment in a Daxy prison. Unbeknownst to all, she might hold the key to end the Empire's authoritarian occupation of Earth once and for all.  Third part of the "Assignment Risk" and "Risk Assessment" trilogy.
2207 In your typical horror fashion, Anon becomes the latest victim of a hellhound's vices as the Halloween night comes to a close.
7211 Incogneato is a famed furry artist. His favorite image software dies just before he can deliver on a commission, so he downloads an unknown program known as CerberArt. The mascot, an anthro Cerberus, offers art tips and "friendly" suggestions.
1037 Inspired by the annoyed rantings of a friend in a discord call; Anon finds himself with a flat tire in the dead of night. The only place open? Some auto-body place in the middle of the woods. Certainly, nothing bad can happen there, right?
610 Inspired by the likes of the Grand Marshall CYOA and my own love of the Napoleonic period, I have made a new story where Anonymous is betrothed to a princess of a conquered beast-kingdom to seal their new alliance with blood ties. He finds that due to a misunderstanding he will be asked to perform far more than his ordinary share of royal duties.
6290 It has been a while since you(m:reader) last upgraded your phone, and lucky for you the local electronics pawn shop is fairly up to date.  But among all the pre-installed bloatware, the phone you picked came with something quite unique.
2943 It involves biker anthro girls, Anon, motorcycle hooliganism, and some fine local traditions.
8699 It is the year of our lord 850, the once-great Western Roman Empire, divided through succession, is no more, and the sons of the empire fight over her remains; as the pagans in the north and in the east, and the saracens in the south, watch their lands hungrily from the edges of civilization. Europe is in chaos, as squabbles between brothers turn into long bloody wars. The Kings muster their levies for war, leaving the lesser nobles within their lands with nothing but the minimum garrisons. Many men are forced to pay the price for these decisions, but this story follows one man: the son of a Duke. Thrust into a world he knows nothing about, set against a task few men would be brave or foolish enough to agree to outright. A shadow of these lands' past calls for him. To most, it is considered a death sentence, but to him perhaps it is an opportunity.
8709 It's Christmastime in the vague and undefined lands of Vhartiva, which also might be the name of a city. There in that place lives an unassuming man, a cobbler by trade. He makes his living fixing shoes, seeing people's stories inscribed in their soles when they come to him for repairs. He spends his days wondering if there is something more out there for him. On an unassuming winter's day, he is surprised when he runs into an old friend: a kobold he hasn't seen in some time. They were best friends in their childhood, but their lives went in different directions. Could this chance encounter change all of that in one night? Could she be the very thing that has been missing from his life? Or did I lie in the tags and they just stay good friends? Check out the story if you want to know so bad.
1292 It's been a year since Anon Jr.'s parents divorced, and Dad's got a new girlfriend. She's nice, and pretty, and very generous. What does summer vacation hold for him in her peaceful country home?
5236 It's finally happening, your bnnuy gf wants to sleep in your bed with you! She even has a bunch of positions she wants to try out after hearing about them from her friends!
6672 It's not easy being a witch. Seen as freaks and bad omens by society, forced to live in the outskirts of civilization, having to deal with the potentially lethal result of a miscast spell or fumbled potion, it's a hard life for sure. But you know what's even worse than being a witch? Being a chimera as well. Urmine and Gothetta are two sisters in such an unfortunate situation. Urmine, nominally a black bear, has a twisted set of antlers growing between her ears and Gothetta, mostly a doe, has a fearsome pair of fangs hanging down from her upper jaw. After the unfortunate passing of their mother when they were children the sisters have been living a humble life in their childhood cabin. Yet after so many years of their lonely existence Gothetta finally cracks, no longer content to spend the rest of her days talking to the only other person whom she shares a connection with. She shares her discontent with Urmine and they agree to summon a companion into existence, one that is intelligent, one that is agreeable, and one that is AHEM physically compatible. The sisters retrieve one of their many tomes and prepare for their companion's arrival, totally unaware that this summoning may bring with it more trouble than they expect.
3532 It's six months after the epic Halloween party of '96 when you get a call from one of the guests ...
1378 It's that time of year, and a question plagues Anthony's mind. What can you get for a woman who has everything?
5810 Its Halloween and Anon finds himself trapped in an old abandoned house. Something is in there with him however, its coming for him, and it wants his body...
1364 Its the year 2233. After a civil war and a quelled robot rebellion, the dominion of the spacefaring humans balkanized and split into dozens of small empires, republics and warlord-led systems.  Because of a ban of AI and many automatic technologies, as well as the general distrust towards androids and advanced computer systems, slavery has its great comeback.  Unlucky aliens and humans suddenly find themselves in shackles and cuffs, only to be sold to the highest bidder.
8066 Its time to help your girlfriend Brielle the Braixen Get ready for a party.
6505 It’s the Fourth of July. You and Alex decide to carry on tradition and get the girls together on the roof of the school with the promise of grilled meat, cold beers, and the best seats in Ranchview to watch the fireworks. Only, something — or someone — is missing on that night, a fact that does not go unnoticed by a certain vixen. And what starts out as a fun evening drinking on the roof like old times becomes an exercise in the pain of loss, and the power of moving forward. Oh, and there’s lots of fireworks. Also lives on my website (with art) here: https://autononymous.io/authors-and-stories/oliver-hart/shorts/bottle-rocket-dreams/
866 Ivy goes to her gunsmith to get a fix for her gun. She finds a fix for her romantic inexperience instead.
8117 Jack works as an Anonymous placement Agent for the BHA, one afternoon, he hears his co-worker, a Snoon Named Meghan Stone. He helps her get over bullying and over her insecurities.
7832 Jackass furboi loses his girl to Anon because he's a dick.
255 Jake Smith, the down-to-earth hardware store manager, goes about his life with his wacky toony girlfriend, the baker/mad scientist rabbit-lamb hybrid Flopsy Baa-Baa.
1163 James, a late-shift worker at the Anthrodale Mall, has a plan to reveal his feelings for Vanessa, a tigress friend of his.  Things don't exactly go to plan, but it all works out in the end.
8084 Joe and his Aggron Ludmila are on an expedition together. What could happen
962 Johann works at the DAA (Demihuman Aptitude Agency), a department devoted to aiding demihumans, magically inclined or not, to adapt to life in the big city. He has helped dryads, lizardmen, werewolves, and even yaoguai find a place to work and belong in the concrete jungle. It is a fulfilling job for Johann, even though he has to deal with his coworker's teasing at times. The mischievous Kitsune is Johann's superior and is currently out of the office on important business. However, on one seemingly average day, Johann gets an unexpected client, an inexperienced Kitsune. Usually, a client like that would fall under his Kitsune superior's jurisdiction, but since she is currently away, Johann reluctantly takes the case.
936 Keith, a green level agent with a few years of experience under his belt, is assigned to a comfortably boring job of guarding a cartographical mission. When a planetary anomaly is discovered, he and a few other unfortunate agents are sent out to investigate the source of the strange reading, and due to a nearly lethal misunderstanding, they will have some unexpected company
953 Keith, a green level agent with a few years of experience under his belt, is assigned to a comfortably boring job of guarding a cartographical mission. When a planetary anomaly is discovered, he and a few other unfortunate agents are sent out to investigate the source of the strange reading, and due to a nearly lethal misunderstanding, they will have some unexpected company.
9439 Kenneth is your typical nerdy human male, recently graduated from high school and ready to move on to college to prepare for the rest of his life. But, due to an unfortunate mix-up, he finds himself enrolled in a college for furs! No problem, right? A college is a college. But when an upperclassmen bully sets her sights on him as her next target for torment, he may find that his unconventional college won't do as well as he thought.
1450 Kirk is a blue-collar contractor expecting a normal anniversary. Jasmin is an overworked project manager who needs to blow off some steam. Kirk is unaware of this as his cunning fox of a wife decides to give him an anniversary surprise first thing in the morning.
5287 Kris and Suzie get it on.
1465 Laewa needs some fresh air after getting bad news. Drew spots her at her usual skate park bench, and decides to sit with her.
9304 Last humie on earth would rather die than become a anthro furry.
5493 Leo has settled into his life comfortably. A good job, a good house, a nice town. There's always something to keep him occupied and the future looks bright. However, one night changes everything when an old friend comes back into his life. Problem is she isn't the nicest house guest. And furthermore? He isn't even sure what she is.
219 Leonard is a loser living out an early retirement on disability money in Florida when he comes upon an innocuous action figure that hides more than meets the eye.
246 Leonardo Colombi is a regular italian who just got out of school. When he was in school he wrote a letter as an assignment and lost it. Turns out he didn't actually lose it. DISCLAIMER: Nobody is real. If you think someone is real then you're obviously not thinking of anyone from this story. The story contains implicit material and eventually explicit material too. While I will not limit myself with the implicit and "almost there" material, any and all future naked action narrated here will be sweet HMOFA stuff, pinky promise.
5821 Lewd one-shot. Toni the Tigress is a bored cereal mascot who travels from place to place promoting a particular brand of frosted morning delight. On one such trip however she catches the eye of a certain someone and its not long before she's singing a very different catchy jingle indeed...
7156 Local man befriends bat who live in a cave.
9299 Local man has sexual encounter with his bear friend's mom.
5506 Local man is kidnapped by large rat women for sexual purposes. He eventually likes it
5499 Local man who got lost in woods, is saved by goat, who later makes him compensate her by starting a family together.
6878 Local peon gets mad mafia cat pussy, but as a result finds that he is thrown into a mafia crime underworld. However the cat was a big wig, so she is watching over him and making sure her fucktoy? Lover? does not get into to much trouble
5329 Lucas, a follower of the phoenix demi-goddess, Hestia, finds himself escorting her into a festival celebrating her and the spring equinox. Normally, this isn't a problem, but she wants to truly experience it as a common citizen. The escort duty quickly becomes a date, with Lucas questioning his own hopes and desires. The goddess may have desired more than a simple date and festival experiences.
6631 Malik, a novice mage, travels to the far end of the civilized world on a mission to learn from a mysterious druid known as Nella. While under her tutelage he's torn between acting like the fine upstanding mage he was brought up to be and giving into his more base desires, Nella's way of life being far more liberated than what he's used to. All the while Nella seems intent on teasing the poor mage to his breaking point.
9192 Man adopts anthro as pet.
4069 Man cheers up reindeer at a Christmas part
4030 Man comforts rat friend who had too much to drink
7102 Man disproves a sentient cat made of sand while at the beach.
9202 Man gets a polar bear roommate
4443 Man gets excepted to magic school and meets a kangaroo anthro also going to magic school.
4456 Man gets excepted to magic school and meets a lynx anthro also going to magic school.
3608 Man goes on a date with his old teacher that he had a fling with in the past.
9323 Man has dreams of fighting vixen knight in medieval setting. Next day the vixen from his dream becomes his new boss. The dreams continue. What do they mean? Does she know about them? Why is she acting so strange?
8305 Man is scooped from his world into a world with humans and anthros. He takes in a homeless Raccoon girl that was eating out of his trash because he hates to see things like that, and he helps heal her past wounds.
2988 Man recalls how he met and fell in love with his significant lover
3073 Man recounts how he met his Undali wife and created a family together?
1240 Married life is amazing. You get to spend the rest of your life at your wife's side in the home you established together. One thing has been missing, however. Something both of you have yet to discuss deeply. Kids. On what feels like an average after-work evening, your wife drops the question on you, setting in motion a chain of events that, while unfamiliar, have you excited for the future.
948 Michael, an average salary man is ripped from a comfortable life when an injured alien stumbles her way onto his lawn. To avoid the ire of unnamed secretive organizations, Mike and his newfound extraterrestrial companion begin their new careers as gun toting paranormal investigators.
4618 Michaela is from the Ursas nation of Ortelga and has recently moved to the human city of Eastharbor with her daughter. Kyle has likewise just arrived. A date will prove to each whether they can get past their recent divorces to find love again, or is the Valentine's holiday only good for giving in to urges?
8381 Mil anon goes fishing
1995 Miles Penn's identity is torn between the expectations of his unexpected allies, a ragtag team of guerilla rebels from Zion, and his Daxy partner Rax who bet it all to go on the run with him.  With Finn in the clutches of an unpredictable enemy, Miles will have to risk everything to save his friend. In the process, he will learn that forces far greater than himself have a purpose for him.  Not far behind, the fierce Colonel Braxys has her own plan. She is determined to have Miles and bring the residents of Zion into the fold, all with as much cunning and cruelty as necessary.  Nothing will come without sacrifice for Miles and Finn.  Book 2 of "Assignment Risk"
8933 Mindy and Halitzer's experiments continue, and this time they're not even wearing gloves, or conducting their research in a proper laboratory.
8928 Mindy's haphazard experimentation only escalates when she starts attempting to gather legitimate data.
1249 Nathan Parc, is unfulfilled, underachieving, and unhappy. All three of those things are amplified ten-fold by his choice of company to work for: Fazbear Entertainment, one of the shadiest companies in the children's entertainment market. The business is unanimously-known for their questionable business practices, and they've had a hard time getting by. Until recently.  With every asset they had left liquidated, Fazbear Entertainment sunk every last dime into their newest swan-song, and it paid off. They managed to rise above the bloodied ashes of their past, and start a new beginning with the Mega Pizzaplex. The very same one Nathan has been transferred to work at after being transferred to act as the Head Night Guardsman.
210 Nerdy anthro panda bear meets you (Anon) in a record shop. One-shot smutfic.
5341 Nevins, a fresh space captain eager to make his name known and amass more than a few credits, searches for a loyal crew aboard a sleepy outpost. The denizens have little interest in him or his occupation, but he does get unwanted product thrust upon him. The product being an anthromorph for relatively cheap. She is obedient to a fault and her circumstances are strange. Worst of all, she catches Nevins' eye. REF: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/54552151/
1990 Nine years have passed since the Daxy, a species of matriarchal reptiles, conquered Earth, and Miles Penn is facing Assignment as all young men must. When the Colonel who single-handedly defeated humanity takes an interest in him as a prospective mate, Miles resists for the first time in his life. He finds a partner in the underachieving Daxy pilot Rax, and a friend in the cynical drug addict Finn. Together, they'll seek safehaven in the last bastion of human freedom on Earth: the enigmatic, theocratic state of Zion.
469 No it is not my birthday, I just wanted to write something with my characters for once.
3515 No sooner than things have settled, do they change. After being reassigned to Southport Garrison, Anton and Emily are caught in a storm of growing shadows.
1587 Non, the bronze age courier, writes a letter to his brother concerning his disappearance from public life, as he has been taken by pretty goat girls.
2043 Not everyone can be one of the high-paid heroes of the streets, but Anon manages to be a hero for someone who needs it most.
2011 Not everyone can get into the spirit of the Renaissance fair, but Anon can help one jouster try to unwind a bit.
2214 Not everyone is a tireless saint, and Anon sometimes feels like the world owes him a bit. Enter Sember: a succubus canine who fully agrees with him and has a very tempting proposal to give.
6899 Now imagine that but in that crazy ASCII font shit every GameFAQ guide used to do. More informative tags to come later and on a per chapter basis, but for now...
7361 Now with a horse! Characters belong to Mofumofeel.
628 On a megastructure known as New Venus in the year 5679 A.D. unfolds adventures and trials for a handful of residents that call New Venus home. What lies ahead for this collection of anthropomorphic animal women and human men remains to be seen.
5988 On the Isle of War, a land known for its endless conflict, many souls are taken before their time. Just as many go down in history by merely surviving for long enough in such a violent place. We meet a hare woman, an inousa, on the path of vengeance and a man in the pursuit of freedom, and their combined goals to shed the chains of their now combined pasts.
1373 Once a notorious bandit lord, Krona-Kai is now a prisoner being forced to work off her sentence by fighting in the Imperial City's arena. When she isn't fighting for her life, the lizard is locked up in her cell to rot. In spite of it all, she's managed to make a single unlikely friend.
8756 One of the first stories I ever wrote for a little niche community over at /trash/, featuring a female lynx and a male human, just trying to have a little respite from a shitty winter by spending a weekend together. Not my best work and not very long, but hopefully its an enjoyable bite while leading to something else I wrote a good bit better.
8413 One of the last surviving humans on earth is a wanderer trying to find a good place to die. He accidentally catches Shortstack wolverine in a snare and stays in her cabin when a blizzard hits
2106 Pampered cats can have wild streaks, too. Anon learns this the hard way by indulging his girlfriend's secret kink.
4851 Paula Wolf has been hit with a lot of misfortune lately but one mistake ends up turning her life around in ways she never imagined.
1095 Pentagram City.  It's a truly awful place. The people of the Nine Circles aren't strangers to the worst of the worst. Murder, adultery, rape, apathy, any depraved thing you could come up with is overflowing in stock.  Yet it doesn't keep Anonymous Goetia from engaging with it. The city of dead hopes and dreams acts as a haven; A distraction from the horrific mess that is his home. Both influences have negatively impacted him to the core, with seemingly no hope in sight.  He'll soon discover this is not the case. Maybe, just maybe, things won't end so bad.
6689 Poor Henry, he just can't seem to get away from those two conniving witches. Drawn back to the land of the talking animal people, syrup slurping smugglers, and sweet crimson melonade he now finds himself spread thin as multiple forces threaten to tear apart not only him, but his new family as well. A shadowy witch hunter with motives unknown, a devious moose who aims to deceive, an object of great power resting above a humble fireplace, and a frog that seems to slip through the sister's fingers time and time again. Will Henry get back home? Will Urmine ever get over the loss of her antler? Will Gothetta ever find her beloved Edmund again? But most importantly, can they all prevent their eggs from becoming omelettes?
1910 Raine finally gets to indulge her feelings with Red.
3052 Rando guy 'services' his lioness boss.
1750 Raw Story written in one night about Lop from SW:Visions and a stormtrooper
1148 Rebecca and Anon try sparring each other; anon ends up seeing stars, then some familiar stripes.  Happy 4th!
2399 Ref: https://static1.e621.net/data/2c/8d/2c8d0a436fd39ae9ff9463897dc294b6.jpg
703 Rhelja (Rail-ya) Ornaph (Or-naf) or "Reese" finds herself in a new and strange world after she gets assigned a new task by a higher power. Will she ever find a sense of comfort in this ever changing universe. Dive with her into past memories so she can find a solution to an ever growing threat.
8885 Richard is having a bit of a mid-life crisis. Divorced, realizing things are passing him by. On top of that he has to take care of the security of a space station. How can a clown help?
981 Rook, was a human with a great debt, working as a Hullbreaker for a intergalactic ship leasing company, indebted from the moment he began his work and trying slowly push through it, he spent all his days cutting ships for parts in a space port high above a planet Helion 3. One faithful day however, his life was about to be turned upside down as the ship he was about to cut up suddenly moved and he found himself at the wrong end of the claws of a infamous Pirate who just escaped from the prison on Helion 1. With his life upturned the only constant is now the danger and fluff that will become his new reality. But will he be able to adapt?
8259 Royal Knight is sent to exterminate or capture Beast people he Spares and captures a wounded reindeer beast woman. He falls in love with her and decides he needs to change the laws regarding beast people
2346 S.T.A.L.K.E.R/EFT Story
6511 Sam -- that dumb, clingy bunny -- found a book in the school bathrooms. And righttttt there was the moment your life, and the lives of your three friends changed forever. What should have been an ordinary Halloween in your senior year of high school for you becomes a race against time to halt a dangerous paranormal ritual that threatens to upend the entirety of life on Earth. Can you stop the goths, save everyone, and find out just what the hell is going on with Sam, before the world ends?  Originally appearing on SoFurry (and in pastebins), the COMPLETE /hmofa/ classic re-launches on AO3 and autononymous.io with content additions, major fixes, and minor retcons.
6237 Scavenger picks through scuttled military starships hoping to find stuff to sell, find robotic anthro instead
6048 Seasoned ranger Julian and his gun-nut partner Eliza are stationed in Elwynn forest, looking into reports of disappearing travelers along the roads. Progress is slow, with many days spent simply living off the land and passing time together, until one fateful evening, when Kyrahni, a Vulperan traveler from across the sea, stumbles into the forest with bounty hunters on her tail.
9155 Sequel to Day With a Wolfess; Anon is about to leave his campsite, but is dragged off to the Wolfess's village.
8406 Sequel to Ms Atomic bomb. Anon and Amana flee their home and end up in a new land; the Mojave. Together they wander the wastes.
8990 Several years following the events Lop and Ochō, Lop joins the fight against the Empire. With the Emperor dead and the New Republic blooming, Lop finds her sister once more amongst the war and chaos in a galaxy torn apart by Imperial warlords and criminal cartels.  Either by fate or the Force, she sets out on a journey to reunite with her sister, to reforge the proper family she had always wished for.  In doing so, her only hope might lie in the unlikely hands of a roguish bounty hunter.
8273 Short comfy story about anon and his canine girlfriend.
1119 Short fluff piece about Rebecca and Anon's general routine after work (from this story: https://archiveofourown.org/works/52668565). Check the end for a survey.
7464 Short segments of Sophia's perspective throughout the first half of RBH.
1350 Shortly after several world-wrecking events, the Company took hold of a weakened humanity, slowly transforming every corner of the Earth into a Utopia, exchanging power for security. Bridgette, the automated heart of the Company, has made its way into the personal lives of every individual, as a surveillance AI, house maid, companion, and everything in between. It has dedicated all of itself to making their lives better, contributing to further ruin, one solution at a time.  ***Every story speaks for itself, though one arc may have to span multiple chapters.
368 Sir Anon of Mouse was banished from his home kingdom by a wicked monarch and exiled to the Cursed Forest before being rescued. His rescuer, Maeve the Dragon-Kin Druid, believes Anon was saved from exile by the God of Nature for his virtuosity, and now offers him a way to create Eternal Life, as she feels he is rightly owed. Anon is a bit hesitant to accept this offer, but this Dragon-Kin is more than eager to give it to him, and much more. While Anon easily finds her more than amicable, he might be a little nervous to find himself rustling in the bushes with her. Though luckily for him, Maeve has no such qualms.
4623 Small towns don't have a lot of singles, and kids make it more challenging.  The right weather evens life out.
856 Small-time criminals Leverett and Darkness are thrust into danger when circumstance frames them as the local mob boss' murderers. Darkness the she-wolf is tall, strong, and exceedingly dumb. Leverett, her small human companion, is more of a thinker than a brawler. A perfect pairing for keeping their hides through strife. If they can keep it together.
6650 So a bear walks into a salon 5 minutes before closing time...
6766 So a guy and his nerdy wolf of a girlfriend decide to go to a renaissance fair...
6748 So a lonely and horny boar gets a few new neighbors...  Be aware that while I'm putting this in the Tusks After Dusk series this is an alternative universe spin off with no connection to the previous two stories besides the general characterization of Ms. Boarson and Michael.
6730 So a man comes home from the store to his grizzly wife... This is a green for /adhg/ that's been cleaned up and posted here. Had to be careful with the way I tagged this, not going to tag it with the c-word due to certain connotations within the furry community it has. Just know this story is SFW and no-yiff.
6718 So a security guard has to cover for a drunken coworker...
6706 So it finally comes time for a guy to get his state assigned wife...
6904 So the basis of The Touch of Luxury was a rich lady plucking up a random nobody for a toy because rich people operate on a different moral scale than us po' folk.
6481 So, there's a human, a cheetah, and some crows in this bar...
2153 Some people like to window shop, and others like to go a little further. Anon takes a friend to a furniture store, of all places, and finds some quality bonding time with her in the process.
1188 Some short shitposts about the beeg problems anon and his beeg jaguar wife have.
1503 Something I made for April Fools. Sorry ahead of time.
6223 Something seems odd, but "take no prisoners" is chapter XIII of chickenman.
4894 Sometimes, everyone could use a helping hand.
5958 Somewhere far from Goshev, before the rise of Firaegin, in a remote region wreathed in the depths of winter, a young man flees a life of abuse, and stumbles across a kobold. Somewhere, before Lalep saved Vala and became exemplar, an experienced kobold scout, exiled from her clan, is left with one purpose, one opportunity to restore her honor, and a human stumbles into her life.
4837 Sonnie has become used to the fights in the underground but after killing Dicko, things change for her in an unexpected way.
9286 Space racing fic inspired by Madhouse's Redline
7146 Specimen 4N-0N undergoes rigorous experimentation.
2420 Story about how Anon's friendship with a gym Lioness.
4969 Story is about a necromancer mouse bringing back her human husband and trying to slowly repair him.
673 Struggling author, Daniel Dormeo, returns to his home town of Somber Shoals to find it not as he remembers. Something's off about this quaint rural American town. Luckily (or perhaps unluckily) for him, he's not alone. He has Lucina, a canine skull faced girl which only he can see, to help him. Together, they'll unravel the mystery of what's happening in this town of sleepless dreams.
6458 Summary: A picture is worth a thousand words, and someone’s life.
3435 Take a tour with your wagon full of sheep to shear them. Give your horses the whip and off you go.
9173 Take the seat of a female wolf as you join your boyfriend for coffee. Coffee induces heat. Have fun. Kind of fluffy and teasing but sex later on.
381 Tax season is dawning, and for a business mogul like Sedgewick Sable? That means paperwork, thankfully, his ever diligent and dutiful secretary, Lacy Hardt, has means to help him in more ways than one…
1474 Texas, 1909. Mattie Cairns, a coyote cowgirl is out of her element when she establishes her own oil company in the hopes to cash in on the lucrative industry. Enlisting the help of a human geologist, Wilson Baker, they hatch a plan to strike it big. All start ups need investment however, and rattlesnake Georgialine Sue Vernon, heiress of a massive cotton fortune, is happy to provide. The plucky prospectors realize they bit off more than they can chew once Georgia's scheme is revealed, and the trio are set to vie for the title as the next oil baron of Texas as they balance their financial independence, personal livelihood and family ambition.
6248 The Chickenman and His friends Fly to meet Jasmine and her parents, Grant and Olga. Festivities and gift giving all around on a wonderful Christmas day
7837 The Purge /hmofa/ parody, but instead of murder it's anthro women in heat looking for helpless Anons
8078 The Start of a new Story Featuring Ulysses the Sorcerer and Raxeia the Magical nurse
478 The ancient dragon Florissax undertakes a vow of revenge in the name of her lord. Dedicating her entire existence, her own self to this oath, she has forgotten what it means to live.  The Tarnished lord of the Lands Between, here to follow Miquella the Kind, finds her and hears her task. Finding that the priestess has been abandoned by her lord, yet dedicates herself to him still.
2057 The best way to a kangaroo's heart is through her gaming console, as one Anon has to learn to get her to open up more.
1005 The cruel dead refuse the dark, in this world of madness, only kept at bay by the Third Revenant Defence institution, exorcists risk their lives every day to keep the people of the central continent, Magna, safe and sound. The year is 1971. A knight of the Arnoket family must work with a dangerous tiger spirit to keep his status. Silas wants respect, Raiya wants revenge, and in a world full of cryptids, psychics, angels, and monsters, they might not get what they want. An action-packed, supernatural, urban fantasy heavily inspired by Chainsaw Man and Jujutsu Kaisen. Criticism is appreciated!
7217 The direct sequel to Spaced Out. Anon, a stargazer and astronomy consultant, picks up where the first story ended and spends some time with his alien visitor. Comfiness, some occasional lewds, and space shenanigans happen. [warning: contains some feels. Caution: it is recommended to read spaced out first if you haven't yet.]
7245 The direct sequel to Spaced Out. Anon, a stargazer and astronomy consultant, picks up where the first story ended and spends some time with his alien visitor. Comfiness, some occasional lewds, and space shenanigans happen. [warning: contains some feels. Caution: it is recommended to read spaced out first if you haven't yet.]
7371 The exciting conclusion, starring a goat!
2050 The greatest reward a firefighting jaguar can receive at the end of a long day is coming home to her Anon for a little bit of pampering, enough to bring the little kitten out of the big cat.
8971 The late 26th century humanity found evidence of sentient life in the milky way
1019 The long awaited rewrite!  Herbert Pencroft, fleeing his debts, finds himself in quite the predicament off the coast of Peru. Accosted by iguanas, can Pencroft twist this situation to his favor?
3510 The rank and file have feelings too, even if they aren't destined for the spotlight. Most would consider Lunarfall Garrison the last place for such things to be explored, particularly after the expedition's disastrous first steps, but tense times and harsh places are sometimes the best proving ground for a lasting bond.
1000 The seas of Cerrisol and its neighbouring countries have turned black and filled themselves with horrid monsters, the forests have grown cold and teem with beasts, the cities have grown desperate and man must work together if he wishes to continue surviving as a species. Havelock is a hunter, living on the outskirts of Lothorn, the smallest in a dwindling number of bastions left. When he finds a beast capable of speech, a beautiful, intelligent creature, he cannot bring himself to kill her. The beast in question is desperate and afraid of death, so a deal is struck, she will stay until the black moon falls, then, they will see if they can part ways at all.
7356 The sequel! Featuring 100% more cat! Characters belong to Mofumofeel.
446 The story happens in the span of one night in a small town when an answer to an emergency call goes awry upon meeting with three furry girls in distress. What follows is a night of lustful but fatal games.
7108 The tale of a kindly young man who gets an unexpected visitor in the wee hours of the morning... A rather unique entry in my catalog, After Midnight has a somewhat more melancholy tone at times, but is ultimately meant to be a cozy, uplifting story. It's unique among the CYOAs as the only one that lacks any official art for any characters present.
7114 The tale of an urban explorer's greatest find ever... Based on a character who haunted my dreams for months, Aftermarket Parts was hyped for a long, long time before release, and was rather well liked, thankfully.
8683 The war for Humanity's autonomy is over, the alien despots of Advent have been overthrown by Xcom and a new age is on the horizon. However, world changing events do not occur without a price. Power vacuums were created in Advent's absence, their alien pawns, once completely under control, now have found their own autonomy. A young man, from humble beginnings, can NOT fix this.
3542 The year is 1996. You and your half-sister are about to throw the best fucking Halloween party ever, but it's possible that some of the guests may not exactly be human (or furry.)
1509 The year is 2327, The Federation of Mankind have discovered two sapient races on the planet of Voorchala, both at war with each other, and humanity intervenes. Jump into the boots of James Miller through his Battle Log of the invasion of Voorchala, from the first landing to final battle.
1059 There were too many, with the same debilitating affliction. In varying degrees of severity, from unresponsive hands, to full body paralysis.The latter of which begged to be put out of their misery. The water was the source of our suffering, poisoning all life around it. Soon, the gnawing hunger and thirst dulls the senses of many. Fury, fear and despair surfaces from the minds of once honorable beings. Now driven mad, cornered and forced to act.  What would you do in the face of extinction?
91 There's just something different about old love...
6778 This a little green I wrote a while ago but forgot to post anywhere. A family man gets a visit from a few hyena children, much to his displeasure.
8172 This is a discontinued bit of short stories involving a Character called Bingle. Bingle is annoying, obnoxious and a perv. These stories are some of my other characters meeting him and will, dealing with him.
6655 This is a halloween themed entry in the The Full Treatment series. No prior reading is necessary, but it is recommended. All references are easter eggs, take nothing here as canon. So a down on his luck groomer gets a late visitor on a dark and stormy night...
4997 This is a revision of my earlier stories called "My Obsession". Warning: This story contains kidnapping, molesting, female on male rape, implied murder, and impregnation.  Like before, the picture is drawn by blokfort over at https://www.furaffinity.net/user/blokfort I wanted to clean up the story, fix the long blocks of hard to read text, and try to flesh out scenes to better build up plot points. I am hoping that it's a straight up improvement over the original. To those who read, thank you.
6736 This is a sequel to Triplet Caution. Reading the first one isn't necessary to enjoy this story but it is recommended.
6637 This is a shitposty story for /wifwolf/. Don't read the tags unless you want to get spoiled.
7351 This is based on an app game called Furry Knight Break. No, the human main character does not have a name. Characters belong to Mofumofeel.
8178 This is just a silly short story of a Serval Waifur who loves to cook but just can't because of her derpiness other short stories will appear with her involving her kitchen antics Enjoy.
354 This is my first ever story and I am still trying to figure out what I'm doing. I have read a lot of fics involving foxes but I haven't ever really found one that I particularly like so that's why I'm writing this (also to hopefully cure myself of foxchosis). Expect maybe 1 chapter a week, but don't be surprised if I'm not consistent. Any and all feedback/criticism is welcome. Anon is a 1st year university student moving to the big city from the country. A deep fear of Anthros was instilled in him at a young age and now he is going to the City where Humans and Anthros co-exist. In an attempt to make his interaction with the Anthro population as minimal as possible, even with his limited financial state. He has taken every precaution but the sight of an ad for extremely cheap and high-quality accommodation with just one roommate comes to be his downfall. Fox Hijinks ensue.
1685 This short story is set about two hundred years before the Crisis in the North, or about a hundred and forty years after the events of Tribes in the land of Xandor a mountainous, dry, and searing hot land that is home to among the most diverse and hardy races under the endless sky. Here, the famed mercenary, Carlos the Almoite, and his loyal men are given an offer by the Sorcerer-King of the Dragons of Kutar, one that would bestow upon them great wealth and heal their worn bodies. The Dragon wanted his daughter back, kidnapped by a petty king, however the band only had three days to get her back.
6158 This story takes place in the Monster's Incorporated universe, sometime between Monster's University and Monster's Incorporated. It is the sequel to a story written years ago (https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azuhmier/hmofa/master/archive_7/ekvRv7eX) about a monster girl who looks like the anthro hybrid of a shark, a dragon, and a woolen turtleneck. Accidentally bringing a human into her world, she has to hide him from her roommate by pretending he's her boyfriend. Shenanigans ensue, as he is more enthusiastic about the disguise than she is.
8976 This was going to be one long chapter but Doing it that way was rough on keeping my workflow up so I've decided to segment it into chapters. Sorry this took so long and a self indulgent snek story came out first with three damn chapters.
561 Thomas Baker's routine life gets up-ended when a mysterious birdkin bard wanders into town. He seeks to learn all he can about her before she leaves his little village forever
3307 Thomas was just a regular citizen, living in one of the many Advent cities. When he received a message from Advent about a mandatory medical check-up, he had little choice but to get it over with. His job was on the line, and the last thing he wanted was to get on the aliens’ bad side. Perhaps it wouldn’t be so bad when his nurse was an emerald-eyed Viper.
8039 Time to spend Holidays with your Palkia wife
119 To avoid his impending assignment day, a young man named Arnold flees into the woods in a desperate attempt to remain free. There he finds a lone house and is forced to seek shelter in it. Where he meets Tina, an anthro praying mantis girl.  Despite his aversion to being under the care and mercy of an anthro woman, he tries to make the best of it.
991 To that one guy that said he needed a story like this... here you go.  Older Rat Girl, younger human boy. Together, they may someday become a loving couple.
6115 Toivo is a teenage boy who has skipped school pursuing his dream: Being a famous writer. Following months of failure, being forced to sell everything (soul, dignity, pride - As if he had any!) Toivo thinks he's got a brief respite when he buys himself a pizza to enjoy at the local state park. Little does he know his life is about to be turned upside down by an Otter girl named Ivy.
2328 Toriel and her growing family share warmth on a cold winter night.
432 Trapped in a world infested with dark powers and demonic entities, Michael is bound in a war not his own. Thrust from the safe confines of his homeland, he finds himself struggling to survive cultists, monsters, and demons alike, faced with an uncertain future and warring with his belief in a God who does not hear him.  Prophesied thousands of years ago, Lammy, the Vessel of the One Below, finds herself wrapped in a titanic web that's spanned generations... one that's resulted in the eradication of her species. As the Vessel of Death, she is tasked to bring an end to the Old Faith, and the Bishops who have trapped her Lord.  An unlikely alliance is struck between the two in an even unlikelier encounter, and fate is irrecoverably changed.
664 Tricky Guardians 2 is a card game designed for the Game Design Guild's 6th annual gamejam with the theme of teamwork.  Inspired by Munchkin and other cards games this game is about drawing monsters at random and accruing power for your character to help your team mates.  The art for this game was AI generated.
3430 Two girl, one dick. Who will win this pleasure contest and defend the honour of her species
6909 Two lovers let down their rough exteriors and behaviors in a private moment. I would love to describe more but that would ruin the TWEEST.
73 Two unlikely threads of fate become intertwined. Cael, an adventurer hunting for purpose in a time when everyone believed all the dungeons conquered, all the mysteries discovered, and all the heroes fallen into obscurity. Liora, a solitary healer in the dark, her kin condemned to exile, seeks to mend both flesh and legacy.
8956 Two years after first contact on Karlta a mining ship and their security escort stumbled across a new type 1.2 civilization. As peaceful first contact is held there was an incident between two that could jeopardize everything. Hopefully this can be resolved peacefully
5347 Va'hsss, a serpentine bandit queen, finds her intimate needs going unfulfilled. The small settlement she lords over has no suitable mates, as most would flee or tremble underneath her gaze. However, idle chatter from her subordinates gives her a clue as to where a fresh partner might be found.
5353 Vel'Thara, one of the many Lords of Change, seeks to crush and overtake a Slaaneshi cult on a planet before it blooms fully. However, she finds that her most recent glimpses into the future were mere falsities by Tzeentch, stifling her many schemes. Frustrated with her inability to make any headway, she strikes at the very heart of the planet, its assigned governor. She finds that he's unwilling to fall to her promises of wealth and knowledge, but a small plunge into his mind uncovers a new route to his subservience. Lust for her.
5854 Very short halloween special. Spooky Mal0 meets unsuspecting reader.
4225 Vikings ravage the land of animal people but new unexpected hero rises.
2185 Volfa's favorite holiday has always been Halloween, but her father seems to have an interest in bringing Christmas to the monster world. It's up to Anon to be Volfa's support while she begrudgingly gives another holiday a fair chance.
5011 Warning: This story contains female on male rape (past event) and PTSD. I originally kept this on my pastebin, but I figured it would be better to post it up here as to better announce updates. I'll continue to upload the updates in due time than keeping it until it's completed. This story is unfinished. Regardless, this is a sequel to My Obsession. I hope those who read enjoy.  Ruby is from Comfycreations who agreed to a collaboration. You can find her in his own story here: https://pastebin.com/muScjRyj and https://comfycreations.sofurry.com/ . Image (https://www.sofurryfiles.com/std/auxiliaryContent?page=1398687&type=25&ext=.jpg) is from Blokfort, whom can find here: https://www.furaffinity.net/user/blokfort
619 Welcome to the Frostscape, the land neglected by the sun’s warm touch, a territory harbor of all kinds of legends, human and monstrous — living and dead. Scenery that witnessed the spawn and decline of beasts, spirits, demons, and Gods alike. Next — and possibly last — destination of the ex-mercenary known in the south as Marek Blakesley. Paying the expenses of the jobs of his past even today, the now adventurer seeks the journey that could end all his problems in one way or another — the slaying of one of the most dangerous monstrosities ever known on Gebaten: a wyrm, one of the Seeds of the World itself. But as his time on the wintry landscape passes, he will find himself accompanied by the most unusual partner — a bipedal owl-wolfess chimera that incites fear, hatred, and fascination in most of the inhabitants of the arctic tundra — both humanoid and animalistic. And so, spectates the duo made up of a fighter and winged chimera as they traverse the most frozen territory on the continent — facing the different hostile residents of the snow and even standing against century-old evils — at the same time they develop a relationship that may transcend the human-beast boundary.
2078 What do you do when you're late for a party and don't have anyone to go with? Catch yourself an Anon, of course.
8049 What happens when you meet a Dragon goddess at a night club?
304 What if Mr. Peanutbutter discovered that he has a secret younger sister, and what if she turns out to be completely different from what he expected?
318 What should have been a moment of celebration between two college bound kids turns into firestorm of unresolved frustration. Young Anon tries to patch up his relationship the hyena girl Trudy and learns hard truths about relationships and life.
588 What starts from a night of pure coincidence becomes a lifelong journey, hopefully...
2030 When Anon is held hostage by a pack of gnolls, he finds that the leader may have her eyes on him for more than one reason.
2085 When Anon takes a spill at the workplace, the quick-to-worry kingfisher responsible tries to make it up to him with a little motherly care.
6438 When Cas Joiner, an interstellar cargo hauler answers a call for help, he finds himself stranded on a world hundreds of years behind technologically and he must work with one of the furry locals in a cross country search for the ship that sent the message in the hope of somehow escaping the planet and returning to civilization as he knows it. But how will Cas handle first contact with an entire alien species, and how will a world that hasn't even thought of the concept of aliens yet, deal with a lone human?
597 When Reed is transported to another world with anthros, he is mistakenly thrown into a mental facility. Trapped in a mental facility, he must convince his psychiatrist that he's not clinically insane, just from a different world.
6754 When a man suffers a breakdown near the side of the road he's picked up by a most unusual breed of bovine...  ~3400 words. I swear if any of you people try to take this story seriously I’m going to hop in my hot air balloon and make 9/11 look like a fucking joke
1407 When an old childhood friend suddenly reappears with a confession, Anon struggles to speak up as the burden of all that's happened since his sudden disappearance off the face of the Earth weighs down on him.
2092 When everyone around town is so happy and nice, how is a dog girl supposed to get a cool guy like Anon?
2160 When it's time for hibernation, Anon helps his roommate prepare for her extended slumber.
6619 When two teens from disparate worlds see a strange creature lurking about their nearby woods they both resolve to set out and solve the mystery of what, or who, it is that's really out there.
5763 While attending a family wedding, a lonely Anon spots an anthro mare in a spot of bother. It doesn't take long for the two to get acquainted... What's a good wedding without a little 'horseplay'?
1964 While out camping, your friends poke some fun at your childhood nickname, "Rabbit". Bailey, the big anthro wolfess in your group, has quite a different perspective...
3996 Witch makes love potion for anon.
1959 With his brother in serious medical condition, a bright but troubled high-school student is compelled to satisfy the demands of an adversarial drug dealer. He falls back on his skills as a math tutor to pay his brother's debt to the dope-slinging hyena before it's too late, but he might get a little closer to his shark-girl classmate than he originally intended. So much for surviving senior year.
8923 Working late and unsupervised in a laboratory, a scientist and technician engage in an unauthorized 'experiment' of their own.
3557 Written a few years ago for /trash/. (You) are a soldier, and space fucking sucks. Hopefully, you won't die on some miserable shithole planet. Also there are furries.
4823 You and a transient doe come to grow fond of one another despite meeting under less-than-ideal circumstances. As the two of you gradually piece together the details of her nebulous background, the consequences become increasingly dire
8151 You are Alpha Non, A.non, Handler of an advanced robotic weaponized Anthro named Calamity. Your job is to keep her in line in battle and to relieve stress. you're good at what you do.
1200 You are Anon Anonerson, living it up in the Anthrostate, the (totally) benevolent totalitarian government that manages a world of humans and Anthros. You've managed to skirt around most of the restrictive laws by faking a relationship with an Anthro named Talia-- humans that are paired up with Anthros get better treatment. And if you try to avoid it for too long, the state kindly mandates a 'civil union' for you-- which is something you'd like to avoid, considering the way the state treats people who don't play nice with their convoluted system.  But a fateful trip to the gun range puts your little scheme-- and hobby of collecting old weapons-- into jeopardy.
228 You are Anon, a simple man living in a heavily mixed anthro city trying to live a happy life. Unfortunately, happy lives don’t come easy. You’re stuck in an endless cycle that never changes. Work, sleep, wake up, and do it again until your day off, where you relish in the one thing that you truly enjoy: the wonderful rush of the arcade.  Unfortunately, your favorite hobby can only distract you for so long. After a few years of depressing monotony, you simply can’t ignore the fact that you’re lonely. Despite that, you’re so desperately afraid of change that you rarely try to seek companionship. Whether it be friends or something more, you don’t have many people to talk to. Until one fateful Tuesday, when you meet a slightly dazed cat at the arcade who asks if they can play with you.
3552 You are a human on a planet of anthros and have a chance encounter with some bug girls. Written for /hmofa/
3445 You are always on the hunt for milk and today you saw a cowgirl worthy of your traps.
3547 You are assigned as the human assistant to a brand new hero: Blood Shark! She's big, she's strong, and she's awkward as fuck when it comes to people. Written with a fairly gender-neutral 2nd person perspective character.
295 You are living in a world where recently, a meteor passed over the planet and transformed nearly all Pokémon species into more evolved Pokémon/Human hybrids: They've become bipedal, sprouted the appropriate limbs, grew hair on their heads if they didn't, and achieved the ability to utilize human speech.  And one early morning in this newly evolved world on your little Alolan island you return home to your Xatu, Zemirah, your partner Pokémon for years, who's waiting for you inside...
290 You are living in a world where recently, a meteor passed over the planet and transformed nearly all Pokémon species into more evolved Pokémon/Human hybrids: They've become bipedal, sprouted the appropriate limbs, grew hair on their heads if they didn't, and achieved the ability to utilize human speech. And one evening in this newly evolved world on your little Alolan island you find yourself as a contestant on the regions most popular dating game show, flanked by two male anthros in the running to find out if you will be the lucky man to go out with the islands premier celebrity model - the sleek, the lovely Mina Giannopolous, an anthro Dragonair as stunningly beautiful as she is tall...
9182 You decide to take your own life. A friendly retriever stops you. You make plans for breakfast and see where it goes.
9222 You get a hoodie from your girlfriend. That night, she needs an alpha.
38 You head to the bar for another Friday night. But soon, you find out you’re not the only one whose plans have changed.
6452 You still get nightmares. And sometimes you can’t remember waking up.  Your name is Anon, and you’re a Foxer. Foxers lead others beyond the walls of Enclave in order to secure valuable relics only found in Purgatory. But Purgatory is no cakewalk.  It’s a world teeming with anomalies, centuries of overgrowth, harvesters, and worst of all: Corvid — heretics — the enemy of humanity.  Despite your ordinary looks, sub-par grades, and feisty fox, Echo, you harbor a deep secret: you’re a mutant. A dream walker who can step into the dreams — or nightmares — of others.  Captured by the Church and pressed into service on a special mission, your dreams connect you to a woman named Elia, a woman claiming to have the same gift as you.  Only problem?  She’s a heretic.
9187 You stumble into a bar right near midnight on New Years Eve. You meet a MILFy cheetah and end up giving the kitty her cream.
779 You thought you and your pretty bunny girlfriend were getting along well, but her little sister has a bit to say about that. What's she up to, exactly? And why's she even care?
129 You toil as a wage slave at the second tackiest store in the mall. Spencer's Gifts The store is a constant parade of tweens and "adventurous" adults who come to gawk at the "scandalous" selection of goods you have available. Nothing quite as exciting as cheap nipple piercings manufactured in a sweat shop and overpriced sex toys. And who could forget the chalky, stale, and flavorless penis-shaped candy! The worst part of all of them is the kids. They know they aren't supposed to play around in the adult section, but that doesn't stop them. Cleaning up after them is not fun. The only thing that has kept you along for this awful ride is your manager. Her name is Violet, a drop-dead sexy possum anthro that's a few years older than you. Even in this day and age, she proves that Goth is far from dead. You'd do anything to tear those fishnets of hers, and she seems like she'd let you. Those silly rules about fraternization are the only thing keeping you off of each other. However, the carefree, comfy days of non-stop flirting with your boss can't last forever. A pint-sized spanner gets thrown into the gears after you catch her eye. And she won't take no for an answer.
6433 You're the new cop in the department. So of course you get to sit out on the speed trap.
2886 You're told to take part in an old college tradition. Where you dress up like little red riding hood and go for a stroll through the nearby park. Nothing bad can happen there, right?
6574 You've never really 'fit in' with the heavily divided Ranchview High School crowd. Jock, Goth, Prep, Cheerleader, Nerd...you were never any of these. But as Halloween approaches, strange things start happening, and a dark ritual begins with the finding of a curious red book. It's a race against time for you and your friends to stop a group of students from ushering in an age of darkness, and to also figure out just what the hell is wrong with that rabbit.
3562 You, a human, have just been broken up with by your human girlfriend. You go into the woods to clear your head, and run into a big, furry, naked wolf girl. Life has now become more interesting.
8044 Your Girlfriend Chica didn't come home on time so you go to her work to investigate and hopefully get her home.
3463 Your camping trip with a Sloth gets dangerous when a snowstorm hits
336 Your culinary opinions force the hand of a nearby Moose girl to stand up for Canadian cuisine.
3420 Your personal trainer is hiding a dark and troublesome secret. Do you survive her training long enough to learn it ?
1632 Your wolf girlfriend is horny again. Who knows what'll happen?
8107 a Story set in a modern time fantasy setting. Ulysses Prosperos is a Sorcerer living in a modern day city, but magic and magical creatures are a common occurrence
3012 a former monster hunter finds a new life working in a kitchen, and ends up being attracted by the eyes of his palico boss.
8419 a revisit of the characters from "Humanity Is Dead
7453 https://www.sofurry.com/view/2004327
6228 in a quest to rid the world of a Daemon lordess, a Charismatic Librarian is forced front and center to take on the powerful sorceress using his wits
6206 in the Mojave wasteland a Vault dweller is sent on a mission by the big MT to pacify and remove a collar from a deluxe snekdog (Nightstalker from fallout NV)
8145 in the year 3030 on the Ringworld of Alpha centuari, a Giant human who was raised by Anthros gets put on parole after a life with the Anthro Mafia, meets his Parole officer and gets a job as a bouncer, while trying to reconcile his own angry tendencies
3099 lesbian rottie gets eaten out by human male roommate
9207 soldier in Afghanistan utilized the anthro comfort women as a result of the Arabic slave trade.
9422 some dragon chick ends up in the wrong house. She's probably not a fool. It was an accident.
2897 two jaded veterans from opposite sides of the North American conflict of 2008 find out they have more in common than they’d ever thought, and learn that after the rest of the world has abandoned them, the only thing they truly have left is each other.
